(D
(Dra
(Drama
(Dramati
(Dramatic
(Dramatic mu
(Dramatic musi
(Dramatic music)
♪
(Javi Speaking Spanish)
Woman: Javi!
(Speaking Spanish)
M
Man
Man:
Man: Ja
Man: Javi
Man: Javi!
W
Wom
Woman
Woman:
Woman: Ja
Woman: Javi
Woman: Javi!
(Speaking Spanish)
M
Man
Man:
Man: Ja
Man: Javi
Man: Javi!
W
Wom
Woman
Woman:
Woman: Ja
Woman: Javi
Woman: Javi!
(Speaking Spanish)
M
Man
Man:
Man: He
Man: Hey,
Man: Hey, J
Man: Hey, Jav
Man: Hey, Javi!
J
Jav
Javi!
Javi! J
Javi! Jav
Javi! Javi!
He
Hey,
Hey, J
Hey, Jav
Hey, Javi,
Hey, Javi, a
Hey, Javi, are
Hey, Javi, are y
Hey, Javi, are you
Hey, Javi, are you a
Hey, Javi, are you alr
Hey, Javi, are you alrig
Hey, Javi, are you alright
Hey, Javi, are you alright?
Ye
Yeah
Yeah?
(U
(Unc
(Uncle
(Unclear
(Unclear).
I
I s
I sai
I said
I said no
I said not
I said not to
I said not to t
I said not to tou
I said not to touch
I said not to touch i
I said not to touch it.
♪
Y
You
You w
You wer
You were
You were bl
You were blow
You were blown
to
to b
to blo
to blood
to bloody
to bloody he
to bloody hell
to bloody hell,
to bloody hell, ma
to bloody hell, mate
to bloody hell, mate.
H
Hey
Hey,
Hey, he
Hey, hey!
St
Stay
Stay w
Stay wit
Stay with
Stay with me
Stay with me,
Stay with me, Ja
Stay with me, Javi
Stay with me, Javi.
♪
(Javi Speaking Spanish)
Y
You
You h
You hea
You heard
You heard N
You heard Nim
You heard Nima.
Th
The
The tr
The trai
The train
The train is
The train is n
The train is not
The train is not u
The train is not und
The train is not under
th
the
The train is not under
the Ad
the Admi
The train is not under
the Admira
the Admiral'
The train is not under
the Admiral's
the Admiral's co
The train is not under
the Admiral's cont
the Admiral's contro
The train is not under
the Admiral's control
the Admiral's control an
The train is not under
the Admiral's control anym
the Admiral's control anymor
The train is not under
the Admiral's control anymore.
It
It's
the Admiral's control anymore.
It's o
It's our
the Admiral's control anymore.
It's ours.
♪
W
We'
We're
We're n
We're nea
We're near
th
the
We're near
the tu
the tunn
We're near
the tunnel
the tunnel,
We're near
the tunnel, I
the tunnel, I th
We're near
the tunnel, I thin
the tunnel, I think.
I
I ca
the tunnel, I think.
I can
I can pr
the tunnel, I think.
I can prob
I can probab
the tunnel, I think.
I can probably
ma
make
I can probably
make i
make it
I can probably
make it on
make it on f
I can probably
make it on foo
make it on foot.
N
No.
make it on foot.
No. N
No. No,
make it on foot.
No. No, n
No. No, no.
It
It's
No. No, no.
It's t
It's too
No. No, no.
It's too r
It's too ris
No. No, no.
It's too risky
It's too risky.
If
If a
It's too risky.
If any
If anyth
It's too risky.
If anythin
If anything
It's too risky.
If anything ha
If anything happ
It's too risky.
If anything happen
If anything happens
It's too risky.
If anything happens to
If anything happens to y
It's too risky.
If anything happens to you
th
then
If anything happens to you
then L
then Lia
If anything happens to you
then Liana
then Liana's
If anything happens to you
then Liana's a
then Liana's all
If anything happens to you
then Liana's all a
then Liana's all alo
If anything happens to you
then Liana's all alone
then Liana's all alone.
I
I d
then Liana's all alone.
I don
I don't
then Liana's all alone.
I don't k
I don't kno
then Liana's all alone.
I don't know
I don't know ho
then Liana's all alone.
I don't know how
I don't know how lo
then Liana's all alone.
I don't know how long
th
thes
I don't know how long
these
these ba
I don't know how long
these batt
these batter
I don't know how long
these batterie
these batteries
I don't know how long
these batteries wi
these batteries will
I don't know how long
these batteries will l
these batteries will las
I don't know how long
these batteries will last.
♪
Wh
What
What i
What is
What is th
What is that
What is that?
I
It'
What is that?
It's
It's th
What is that?
It's the
It's the ol
What is that?
It's the old
ba
back
It's the old
backup
backup r
It's the old
backup rad
backup radio
It's the old
backup radio s
backup radio sys
It's the old
backup radio syste
backup radio system.
Me
Mela
backup radio system.
Melani
Melanie
backup radio system.
Melanie us
Melanie used
backup radio system.
Melanie used i
Melanie used it
backup radio system.
Melanie used it wh
Melanie used it when
sh
she
Melanie used it when
she fi
she firs
Melanie used it when
she first
she first cr
Melanie used it when
she first cros
she first crosse
Melanie used it when
she first crossed
she first crossed ov
Melanie used it when
she first crossed over
she first crossed over.
♪
Me
Mela
Melani
Melanie.
Melanie...
(R
(Rad
Melanie...
(Radio
(Radio s
Melanie...
(Radio sta
(Radio stati
Melanie...
(Radio static)
Th
This
(Radio static)
This i
This is
(Radio static)
This is An
This is Andr
(Radio static)
This is Andre
This is Andre La
(Radio static)
This is Andre Layt
This is Andre Layton
(Radio static)
This is Andre Layton.
Ca
Call
This is Andre Layton.
Callin
Calling
This is Andre Layton.
Calling th
Calling the
This is Andre Layton.
Calling the Si
Calling the Silo
This is Andre Layton.
Calling the Silo.
Yo
You
Calling the Silo.
You ha
You have
Calling the Silo.
You have t
You have thr
Calling the Silo.
You have three
You have three c
Calling the Silo.
You have three civ
You have three civil
Calling the Silo.
You have three civilia
You have three civilians
Calling the Silo.
You have three civilians o
You have three civilians out
he
here
You have three civilians out
here t
here tra
You have three civilians out
here trapp
here trapped
You have three civilians out
here trapped o
here trapped out
You have three civilians out
here trapped outsi
here trapped outside
You have three civilians out
here trapped outside o
here trapped outside of
You have three civilians out
here trapped outside of th
here trapped outside of the-
You have three civilians out
here trapped outside of the--
tr
trap
here trapped outside of the--
trappe
trapped
here trapped outside of the--
trapped ou
trapped outs
here trapped outside of the--
trapped outsid
trapped outside
here trapped outside of the--
trapped outside th
trapped outside the
here trapped outside of the--
trapped outside the tu
trapped outside the tunn
here trapped outside of the--
trapped outside the tunnel
trapped outside the tunnel.
An
Anyo
trapped outside the tunnel.
Anyone
Anyone?
(Mechanical powering down)
(Liana cooing)
I
It'
It's
It's ok
It's okay
It's okay,
It's okay, it
It's okay, it's
It's okay, it's o
It's okay, it's oka
It's okay, it's okay.
W
Wha
It's okay, it's okay.
What
What ha
It's okay, it's okay.
What happ
What happen
It's okay, it's okay.
What happened
What happened t
It's okay, it's okay.
What happened to
What happened to it
be
bein
What happened to it
being
being a
What happened to it
being a si
being a simp
What happened to it
being a simple
being a simple c
What happened to it
being a simple cir
being a simple circu
What happened to it
being a simple circuit
being a simple circuit?
I
I s
being a simple circuit?
I set
I set i
being a simple circuit?
I set it
I set it aw
being a simple circuit?
I set it away
fr
from
I set it away
from t
from the
I set it away
from the t
from the tra
I set it away
from the track
from the tracks.
I
I we
from the tracks.
I went
I went t
from the tracks.
I went to
I went to ge
from the tracks.
I went to get
I went to get my
from the tracks.
I went to get my t
I went to get my too
from the tracks.
I went to get my toolb
I went to get my toolbox
from the tracks.
I went to get my toolbox a
I went to get my toolbox and
I
I ca
I went to get my toolbox and
I can'
I can't
I went to get my toolbox and
I can't re
I can't reme
I went to get my toolbox and
I can't rememb
I can't remember
I went to get my toolbox and
I can't remember a
I can't remember any
I went to get my toolbox and
I can't remember anyth
I can't remember anythin
I went to get my toolbox and
I can't remember anything
I can't remember anything el
I went to get my toolbox and
I can't remember anything else
I can't remember anything else.
T
The
I can't remember anything else.
The a
The ant
I can't remember anything else.
The anti-
The anti-ti
I can't remember anything else.
The anti-tilt
The anti-tilt t
I can't remember anything else.
The anti-tilt tra
The anti-tilt trap
mu
must
The anti-tilt trap
must h
must hav
The anti-tilt trap
must have
must have tr
The anti-tilt trap
must have trig
must have trigge
The anti-tilt trap
must have triggere
must have triggered.
Y
You
must have triggered.
You'r
You're
must have triggered.
You're lu
You're luck
must have triggered.
You're lucky
You're lucky yo
must have triggered.
You're lucky you
You're lucky you we
must have triggered.
You're lucky you were
fa
far
You're lucky you were
far en
far enou
You're lucky you were
far enough
far enough a
You're lucky you were
far enough awa
far enough away
You're lucky you were
far enough away be
far enough away beca
You're lucky you were
far enough away becaus
far enough away because
a
a fe
far enough away because
a few
a few se
far enough away because
a few seco
a few second
far enough away because
a few seconds
a few seconds ea
far enough away because
a few seconds earl
a few seconds earlie
far enough away because
a few seconds earlier-
a few seconds earlier--
A
And
a few seconds earlier--
And w
And we'
a few seconds earlier--
And we'd
And we'd be
a few seconds earlier--
And we'd be p
And we'd be pic
a few seconds earlier--
And we'd be picki
And we'd be picking
yo
you
And we'd be picking
you up
you up w
And we'd be picking
you up wit
you up with
And we'd be picking
you up with a
you up with a sh
And we'd be picking
you up with a shov
you up with a shovel
And we'd be picking
you up with a shovel.
(G
(Gru
you up with a shovel.
(Grunt
(Gruntin
you up with a shovel.
(Grunting)
T
Til
(Grunting)
Till:
Till: (
(Grunting)
Till: (On
Till: (On r
(Grunting)
Till: (On rad
Till: (On radio
(Grunting)
Till: (On radio)
Till: (On radio) Co
(Grunting)
Till: (On radio) Come
Till: (On radio) Come i
(Grunting)
Till: (On radio) Come in,
Ne
New
Till: (On radio) Come in,
New Ed
New Eden
Till: (On radio) Come in,
New Eden.
Th
This
New Eden.
This i
This is
New Eden.
This is Bi
This is Big
New Eden.
This is Big Al
This is Big Alic
New Eden.
This is Big Alice.
Co
Come
This is Big Alice.
Come i
Come in!
E
Eas
Come in!
Easy,
Easy, e
Come in!
Easy, eas
Easy, easy!
Ea
Easy
Easy, easy!
Easy.
He
Hey,
Easy.
Hey, L
Hey, Lig
Easy.
Hey, Light
Hey, Lights?
Y
Yea
Hey, Lights?
Yeah?
T
Tak
Yeah?
Take
Take hi
Yeah?
Take him.
O
Oka
Take him.
Okay.
T
Til
Okay.
Till:
Till: Co
Okay.
Till: Come
Till: Come i
Okay.
Till: Come in,
Till: Come in, N
Okay.
Till: Come in, New
Till: Come in, New E
Okay.
Till: Come in, New Ede
Till: Come in, New Eden.
Th
This
Till: Come in, New Eden.
This i
This is
Till: Come in, New Eden.
This is Bi
This is Big
Till: Come in, New Eden.
This is Big Al
This is Big Alic
Till: Come in, New Eden.
This is Big Alice.
Co
Come
This is Big Alice.
Come i
Come in!
Co
Come
Come in!
Come i
Come in,
Come in!
Come in, N
Come in, New
Come in!
Come in, New E
Come in, New Ede
Come in!
Come in, New Eden!
W
We
Come in, New Eden!
We re
We read
Come in, New Eden!
We read y
We read you
Come in, New Eden!
We read you,
We read you, Bi
Come in, New Eden!
We read you, Big
We read you, Big Al
Come in, New Eden!
We read you, Big Alic
We read you, Big Alice.
T
Til
We read you, Big Alice.
Till:
Till: S
We read you, Big Alice.
Till: Syk
Till: Sykes
We read you, Big Alice.
Till: Sykes,
we
we s
Till: Sykes,
we saw
we saw t
Till: Sykes,
we saw the
we saw the e
Till: Sykes,
we saw the exp
we saw the explo
Till: Sykes,
we saw the explosi
we saw the explosion
Till: Sykes,
we saw the explosion.
An
Anyo
we saw the explosion.
Anyone
Anyone h
we saw the explosion.
Anyone hur
Anyone hurt?
J
Jav
Anyone hurt?
Javi
Javi go
Anyone hurt?
Javi got
Javi got th
Anyone hurt?
Javi got the
Javi got the wo
Anyone hurt?
Javi got the wors
Javi got the worst
of
of i
Javi got the worst
of it
of it bu
Javi got the worst
of it but
of it but he
Javi got the worst
of it but he'l
of it but he'll
Javi got the worst
of it but he'll su
of it but he'll surv
Javi got the worst
of it but he'll surviv
of it but he'll survive.
I
Is
of it but he'll survive.
Is it
Is it s
of it but he'll survive.
Is it saf
Is it safe
of it but he'll survive.
Is it safe fo
Is it safe for
of it but he'll survive.
Is it safe for us
to
to g
Is it safe for us
to get
to get m
Is it safe for us
to get mov
to get movin
Is it safe for us
to get moving
to get moving no
Is it safe for us
to get moving now?
T
The
to get moving now?
The r
The rou
to get moving now?
The route
The routes
to get moving now?
The routes cl
The routes clea
to get moving now?
The routes clear.
Co
Come
The routes clear.
Come o
Come on
The routes clear.
Come on ho
Come on home
The routes clear.
Come on home,
Come on home, Bi
The routes clear.
Come on home, Big
Come on home, Big Al
The routes clear.
Come on home, Big Alic
Come on home, Big Alice.
♪
(Switches clicking)
(Javi Speaking Spanish)
...876 cars long.
(Dynamic theme music)
♪
(Dramatic music)
(Clamouring)
I
It'
It's
It's us
It's usua
It's usuall
It's usually
It's usually go
It's usually got
It's usually got a
It's usually got a bi
It's usually got a bit
mo
more
more b
more bus
more bustl
more bustle
more bustle ab
more bustle abou
more bustle about
more bustle about it
more bustle about it.
I
It'
It's
It's in
It's incr
It's incred
It's incredib
It's incredible
It's incredible.
♪
Ju
Just
Just w
Just wis
Just wish
Just wish Be
Just wish Ben
Just wish Ben wa
Just wish Ben was
he
here
here t
here to
here to se
here to see
here to see it
here to see it.
R
Rut
Ruth!
Ruth! R
Ruth! Rut
Ruth! Ruth!
We
We n
We nee
We need
We need yo
We need you.
Yo
You
You to
You too,
You too, D
You too, Doc
You too, Doc.
Le
Let'
Let's
Let's go
Let's go.
(C
(Cla
(Clamo
(Clamour
(Clamourin
(Clamouring)
S
Syk
Sykes
Sykes:
Sykes: Yo
Sykes: You
Sykes: You sh
Sykes: You shou
Sykes: You should
Sykes: You should i
Sykes: You should ice
Sykes: You should ice i
Sykes: You should ice it.
J
Jav
Javi:
Javi: I
Javi: I'm
Javi: I'm f
Javi: I'm fin
Javi: I'm fine.
G
God
God,
God, yo
God, you
God, you lo
God, you look
God, you look l
God, you look lik
God, you look like
God, you look like cr
God, you look like crap
God, you look like crap.
J
Jav
Javi:
Javi: W
Javi: Wor
Javi: Worse
Javi: Worse t
Javi: Worse tha
Javi: Worse than
Javi: Worse than it
Javi: Worse than it l
Javi: Worse than it loo
Javi: Worse than it looks
Javi: Worse than it looks.
(U
(Unc
(Uncle
(Unclear
(Unclear).
S
Sou
Sound
Sounds
Sounds li
Sounds like
Sounds like y
Sounds like you
Sounds like your
Sounds like your no
Sounds like your nogg
Sounds like your noggin
go
got
got a
got a li
got a litt
got a little
got a little r
got a little rat
got a little rattl
got a little rattled
got a little rattled.
Ok
Okay
Okay.
Lo
Look
Look o
Look ove
Look over
Look over he
Look over here
Look over here.
Co
Conf
Confus
Confusio
Confusion,
Confusion, s
Confusion, sen
Confusion, sensi
Confusion, sensiti
Confusion, sensitivi
Confusion, sensitivity
to
to l
to lig
to light
to light,
to light, ir
to light, irri
to light, irrita
to light, irritabl
to light, irritable.
Al
All
All th
All the
All the si
All the sign
All the signs
of
of b
of bei
of being
of being c
of being con
of being concu
of being concuss
of being concussed
of being concussed.
H
How
How d
How did
How did t
How did thi
How did this
How did this ha
How did this happ
How did this happen
How did this happen?
Wh
Wher
Where
Where is
Where is M
Where is Mr.
Where is Mr. R
Where is Mr. Roc
Where is Mr. Roche
Where is Mr. Roche,
sh
shou
should
shouldn'
shouldn't
shouldn't he
shouldn't he b
shouldn't he be
shouldn't he be he
shouldn't he be here
shouldn't he be here?
I
I,
I, uh
I, uh,
I, uh, I
I, uh, I lo
I, uh, I lost
I, uh, I lost h
I, uh, I lost him
I, uh, I lost him i
I, uh, I lost him in
I, uh, I lost him in a
I, uh, I lost him in a st
I, uh, I lost him in a stor
I, uh, I lost him in a storm.
W
Whe
Where
Where's
Where's L
Where's Lay
Where's Layto
Where's Layton
an
and
and Li
and Lian
and Liana
and Liana an
and Liana and
and Liana and Al
and Liana and Alex
and Liana and Alex?
T
The
They
They di
They didn
They didn't
They didn't r
They didn't ret
They didn't retur
They didn't return
They didn't return wi
They didn't return with
They didn't return with u
They didn't return with us.
It
It's
It's a
It's a l
It's a lon
It's a long
It's a long st
It's a long stor
It's a long story.
B
Ben
Ben,
Ben, yo
Ben, you
Ben, you sa
Ben, you saw
Ben, you saw hi
Ben, you saw him?
He
He's
He's s
He's sti
He's still
He's still o
He's still on
He's still on Sn
He's still on Snow
He's still on Snowpi
He's still on Snowpier
He's still on Snowpierce
He's still on Snowpiercer?
(R
(Roo
(Room
(Room di
(Room din)
(G
(Gru
(Grunt
(Grunts)
T
The
There
There's
There's a
There's a l
There's a lot
There's a lot t
There's a lot tha
There's a lot that
we
we n
we nee
we need
we need to
we need to d
we need to dis
we need to discu
we need to discuss
we need to discuss.
Fo
For
For no
For now,
For now, l
For now, let
For now, let's
For now, let's g
For now, let's giv
For now, let's give
Dr
Dr.
Dr. Pe
Dr. Pelt
Dr. Pelton
Dr. Pelton s
Dr. Pelton som
Dr. Pelton some
Dr. Pelton some sp
Dr. Pelton some spac
Dr. Pelton some space,
ge
get
get ou
get out
get out en
get out engi
get out engine
get out engineer
get out engineer u
get out engineer up
an
and
and ab
and abou
and about,
and about, o
and about, oka
and about, okay?
We
We'l
We'll
We'll ca
We'll catc
We'll catch
We'll catch up
We'll catch up l
We'll catch up lat
We'll catch up later
We'll catch up later.
Le
Let'
Let's
Let's se
Let's see
Let's see ab
Let's see abou
Let's see about
Let's see about re
Let's see about rest
Let's see about restor
Let's see about restorin
Let's see about restoring
po
powe
power
power to
power to t
power to the
power to the t
power to the tow
power to the town.
♪
U
Um,
Um, A
Um, Aud
Um, Audre
Um, Audrey,
is
is s
is she
is she a
is she aro
is she aroun
is she around?
♪
(D
(Doo
(Door
(Door th
(Door thud
(Door thuds)
Au
Audr
Audrey
Audrey..
Audrey...
B
Bes
Bess?
Y
Yea
Yeah.
(D
(Doo
(Door
(Door th
(Door thud
(Door thuds)
♪
H
How
How a
How are
How are y
How are you
How are you h
How are you her
How are you here?
I
I c
I cau
I caugh
I caught
I caught th
I caught the
I caught the ea
I caught the earl
I caught the early
I caught the early tr
I caught the early trai
I caught the early train.
I
I fi
I figu
I figure
I figured
I figured I'
I figured I'd
I figured I'd su
I figured I'd surp
I figured I'd surpri
I figured I'd surprise
I figured I'd surprise y
I figured I'd surprise you
I figured I'd surprise you.
Su
Surp
Surpri
Surprise
Surprise!
Wh
When
When y
When you
When you l
When you lef
When you left
When you left in
When you left in t
When you left in tha
When you left in that
tr
trac
track
track sc
track scal
track scaler
track scaler..
track scaler...
I
I th
I thou
I though
I thought
I thought I'
I thought I'd
I thought I'd ne
I thought I'd neve
I thought I'd never
I thought I'd never se
I thought I'd never see
yo
you
you ag
you agai
you again.
H
Her
Here
Here I
Here I am
Here I am.
H
Her
Here
Here we
Here we a
Here we are
Here we are,
Here we are, to
Here we are, toge
Here we are, togeth
Here we are, together
Here we are, together a
Here we are, together aga
Here we are, together again
Here we are, together again.
♪
Together again.
W
Whe
Where
Where's
Where's M
Where's Mel
Where's Melan
Where's Melanie
Where's Melanie?
W
Wor
Worki
Working
Working o
Working on
Working on th
Working on the
Working on the co
Working on the comp
Working on the compou
Working on the compound
Working on the compound.
It
It s
It see
It seems
It seems s
It seems she
It seems she m
It seems she mig
It seems she might
It seems she might h
It seems she might hav
It seems she might have
ov
over
overlo
overlook
overlooked
overlooked s
overlooked som
overlooked some
overlooked some te
overlooked some test
overlooked some test r
overlooked some test res
overlooked some test resul
overlooked some test results
overlooked some test results.
W
Wel
Well,
Well, I
Well, I c
Well, I cou
Well, I could
Well, I could h
Well, I could hel
Well, I could help
Well, I could help wi
Well, I could help with
Well, I could help with t
Well, I could help with tha
Well, I could help with that
si
sinc
since
since it
since it w
since it was
since it was m
since it was my
since it was my da
since it was my data
since it was my data t
since it was my data tha
since it was my data that-
since it was my data that--
N
No,
No, w
No, we
No, we do
No, we don'
No, we don't
No, we don't ne
No, we don't need
No, we don't need h
No, we don't need hel
No, we don't need help.
Wh
What
What I
What I m
What I mea
What I mean
What I mean to
What I mean to s
What I mean to say
What I mean to say i
What I mean to say is,
What I mean to say is, y
What I mean to say is, you
What I mean to say is, you d
What I mean to say is, you don
What I mean to say is, you don't
ne
need
need t
need to
need to co
need to conc
need to concer
need to concern
need to concern yo
need to concern your
need to concern yourse
need to concern yourself
need to concern yourself.
I'
I've
I've b
I've bee
I've been
I've been wo
I've been work
I've been workin
I've been working
I've been working on
Ge
Gemi
Gemini
Gemini f
Gemini for
Gemini for h
Gemini for hal
Gemini for half
Gemini for half yo
Gemini for half your
Gemini for half your l
Gemini for half your lif
Gemini for half your life.
I
I ca
I can
I can se
I can see
I can see it
I can see it t
I can see it thr
I can see it throu
I can see it through
I can see it through.
W
Wit
With
With Me
With Mela
With Melani
With Melanie.
Y
Yea
Yeah.
Yeah. B
Yeah. Bes
Yeah. Besid
Yeah. Besides
Yeah. Besides,
Yeah. Besides, yo
Yeah. Besides, your
Yeah. Besides, your e
Yeah. Besides, your exp
Yeah. Besides, your exper
Yeah. Besides, your experti
Yeah. Besides, your expertise
is
is n
is nee
is neede
is needed
is needed el
is needed else
is needed elsewh
is needed elsewher
is needed elsewhere.
W
Whe
Where
Where?
Where? Do
Where? Doin
Where? Doing
Where? Doing wh
Where? Doing what
Where? Doing what?
B
Big
Big A
Big Ali
Big Alice
Big Alice.
Bi
Big
Big Al
Big Alic
Big Alice
Big Alice wi
Big Alice will
Big Alice will n
Big Alice will nee
Big Alice will need
Big Alice will need to
Big Alice will need to b
Big Alice will need to be
re
retr
retrof
retrofit
retrofitte
retrofitted
retrofitted wh
retrofitted when
retrofitted when w
retrofitted when we
retrofitted when we jo
retrofitted when we join
ba
back
back u
back up.
I...
I
I wa
I was
I was ho
I was hopi
I was hoping
I was hoping y
I was hoping you
I was hoping you m
I was hoping you mig
I was hoping you might
I was hoping you might h
I was hoping you might hel
I was hoping you might help.
Yo
You
You gr
You grew
You grew u
You grew up
You grew up on
You grew up on t
You grew up on the
You grew up on these
You grew up on these t
You grew up on these tra
You grew up on these train
You grew up on these trains.
I
I th
You grew up on these trains.
I thou
I though
You grew up on these trains.
I thought
I thought if
You grew up on these trains.
I thought if..
I thought if...
If
If a
I thought if...
If any
If anyon
I thought if...
If anyone
If anyone sh
I thought if...
If anyone shou
If anyone should
I thought if...
If anyone should b
If anyone should be
in
inte
If anyone should be
intere
interest
If anyone should be
interested
interested i
If anyone should be
interested in
interested in co
If anyone should be
interested in comp
interested in comple
If anyone should be
interested in completi
interested in completing
If anyone should be
interested in completing t
interested in completing thi
If anyone should be
interested in completing this
pr
proj
interested in completing this
projec
project,
interested in completing this
project, i
project, it'
interested in completing this
project, it'd
project, it'd be
interested in completing this
project, it'd be y
project, it'd be you
interested in completing this
project, it'd be you.
W
Wel
project, it'd be you.
Well,
Well, t
project, it'd be you.
Well, the
Well, then
project, it'd be you.
Well, then I
Well, then I sh
project, it'd be you.
Well, then I shou
Well, then I should
project, it'd be you.
Well, then I should g
Well, then I should get
ac
acce
Well, then I should get
access
access t
Well, then I should get
access to
access to th
Well, then I should get
access to the
access to the pl
Well, then I should get
access to the plan
access to the plans,
Well, then I should get
access to the plans, r
access to the plans, rig
Well, then I should get
access to the plans, right
access to the plans, right?
♪
I
I c
I can
I can s
I can sen
I can send
I can send th
I can send them
I can send them u
I can send them up.
♪
O
Oka
Okay,
Okay, o
Okay, oka
Okay, okay,
Okay, okay, c
Okay, okay, com
Okay, okay, come
Okay, okay, come on
Okay, okay, come on.
Ye
Yeah
Okay, okay, come on.
Yeah.
♪
Sh
Shh.
Shh. S
Shh. Shh
Shh. Shh..
Shh. Shh...
♪
Yo
You
You sh
You shou
You should
You should t
You should tak
You should take
You should take Li
You should take Lian
You should take Liana
You should take Liana an
You should take Liana and
ge
get
You should take Liana and
get ou
get out
You should take Liana and
get out of
get out of h
You should take Liana and
get out of her
get out of here.
I
I a
get out of here.
I am
I am no
get out of here.
I am not
I am not le
get out of here.
I am not leav
I am not leavin
get out of here.
I am not leaving
I am not leaving yo
get out of here.
I am not leaving you.
(H
(He
I am not leaving you.
(He gr
(He grun
I am not leaving you.
(He grunts
(He grunts)
(T
(Thu
(He grunts)
(Thump
(Thumpin
(He grunts)
(Thumping)
(T
(Thu
(Thumping)
(Thudd
(Thuddin
(Thumping)
(Thudding,
(Thudding, t
(Thumping)
(Thudding, thu
(Thudding, thump
(Thumping)
(Thudding, thumpin
(Thudding, thumping)
(L
(Lou
(Thudding, thumping)
(Loud
(Loud ba
(Thudding, thumping)
(Loud bang
(Loud bangin
(Thudding, thumping)
(Loud banging)
♪
J
Jes
Jesus
Jesus!
Jesus! Jo
Jesus! Josi
Jesus! Josie,
Jesus! Josie, i
Jesus! Josie, it'
Jesus! Josie, it's
Jesus! Josie, it's me
Jesus! Josie, it's me!
Wh
What
Jesus! Josie, it's me!
What t
What the
Jesus! Josie, it's me!
What the h
What the hel
Jesus! Josie, it's me!
What the hell?
We
We d
What the hell?
We don
We don't
What the hell?
We don't s
We don't say
What the hell?
We don't say h
We don't say hi
What the hell?
We don't say hi an
We don't say hi anym
What the hell?
We don't say hi anymor
We don't say hi anymore?
R
Roc
We don't say hi anymore?
Roche
Roche?
Y
Yea
Roche?
Yeah.
Yeah. I
Roche?
Yeah. I h
Yeah. I hea
Roche?
Yeah. I heard
Yeah. I heard L
Roche?
Yeah. I heard Lay
Yeah. I heard Layto
Roche?
Yeah. I heard Layton'
Yeah. I heard Layton's
di
dist
Yeah. I heard Layton's
distre
distress
Yeah. I heard Layton's
distress c
distress cal
Yeah. I heard Layton's
distress call.
Ho
Holy
distress call.
Holy s
Holy shi
distress call.
Holy shit,
Holy shit, i
distress call.
Holy shit, it'
Holy shit, it's
distress call.
Holy shit, it's fr
Holy shit, it's free
distress call.
Holy shit, it's freezi
Holy shit, it's freezing
in
in h
Holy shit, it's freezing
in her
in here.
L
Lay
in here.
Layto
Layton!
in here.
Layton! L
Layton! Lay
in here.
Layton! Layto
Layton! Layton!
La
Layt
Layton! Layton!
Layton
Layton,
Layton! Layton!
Layton, di
Layton, did
Layton! Layton!
Layton, did yo
Layton, did you
Layton! Layton!
Layton, did you he
Layton, did you hear
Layton! Layton!
Layton, did you hear t
Layton, did you hear tha
Layton! Layton!
Layton, did you hear that?
We
We n
Layton, did you hear that?
We nee
We need
Layton, did you hear that?
We need to
We need to g
Layton, did you hear that?
We need to get
We need to get h
Layton, did you hear that?
We need to get him
so
some
We need to get him
somewh
somewher
We need to get him
somewhere
somewhere wa
We need to get him
somewhere warm
somewhere warm,
We need to get him
somewhere warm, no
somewhere warm, now.
I
I'v
somewhere warm, now.
I've
I've go
somewhere warm, now.
I've got
I've got a
somewhere warm, now.
I've got a sn
I've got a snow
somewhere warm, now.
I've got a snowca
I've got a snowcat.
Le
Let'
I've got a snowcat.
Let's
Let's go
I've got a snowcat.
Let's go.
Ok
Okay
Let's go.
Okay,
Okay, ju
Let's go.
Okay, just
Okay, just o
Let's go.
Okay, just one
Okay, just one s
Let's go.
Okay, just one ste
Okay, just one step
Let's go.
Okay, just one step up
Okay, just one step up.
Ok
Okay
Okay, just one step up.
Okay?
Al
Alri
Okay?
Alrigh
Alright,
Okay?
Alright, b
Alright, bud
Okay?
Alright, buddy
Alright, buddy.
We
We'l
Alright, buddy.
We'll
We'll ge
Alright, buddy.
We'll get
We'll get yo
Alright, buddy.
We'll get you
We'll get you th
Alright, buddy.
We'll get you ther
We'll get you there.
We
We'l
We'll get you there.
We'll
We'll ge
We'll get you there.
We'll get
We'll get yo
We'll get you there.
We'll get you
We'll get you wa
We'll get you there.
We'll get you warm
We'll get you warm.
Ju
Just
We'll get you warm.
Just o
Just one
We'll get you warm.
Just one s
Just one ste
We'll get you warm.
Just one step
Just one step do
We'll get you warm.
Just one step down
Just one step down.
Ok
Okay
Just one step down.
Okay,
Okay, ju
Just one step down.
Okay, just
Okay, just a
Just one step down.
Okay, just ano
Okay, just anoth
Just one step down.
Okay, just another
Okay, just another s
Just one step down.
Okay, just another ste
Okay, just another step.
We
We'r
Okay, just another step.
We're
We're al
Okay, just another step.
We're almo
We're almost
Okay, just another step.
We're almost t
We're almost the
Okay, just another step.
We're almost there
We're almost there.
We
We'l
We're almost there.
We'll
We'll ge
We're almost there.
We'll get
We'll get yo
We're almost there.
We'll get you
We'll get you wa
We're almost there.
We'll get you warm
We'll get you warm.
Du
Duck
We'll get you warm.
Duck y
Duck you
We'll get you warm.
Duck your
Duck your he
We'll get you warm.
Duck your head
Duck your head.
Ge
Get
Duck your head.
Get yo
Get you
Duck your head.
Get you in
Get you in t
Duck your head.
Get you in the
Get you in there
Duck your head.
Get you in there.
Jo
Josi
Get you in there.
Josie!
Josie! H
Get you in there.
Josie! Her
Josie! Here
Get you in there.
Josie! Here we
Josie! Here we g
Get you in there.
Josie! Here we go!
♪
H
Hea
Head
Head ou
Head out.
H
How
Head out.
How's
How's h
Head out.
How's he
How's he do
Head out.
How's he doin
How's he doing?
Y
Yea
How's he doing?
Yeah.
Yeah...
How's he doing?
Yeah... Y
Yeah... Yea
How's he doing?
Yeah... Yeah.
Yeah... Yeah...
No
No,
Yeah... Yeah...
No, no
No, no..
Yeah... Yeah...
No, no...
No, no... Th
Yeah... Yeah...
No, no... Ther
No, no... There'
Yeah... Yeah...
No, no... There's
No, no... There's no
Yeah... Yeah...
No, no... There's no p
No, no... There's no pul
Yeah... Yeah...
No, no... There's no pulse
No, no... There's no pulse..
Yeah... Yeah...
No, no... There's no pulse...
G
Get
No, no... There's no pulse...
Get L
Get Lia
No, no... There's no pulse...
Get Liana
Get Liana.
♪
Yo
Your
Your d
Your dad
Your daddy
Your daddy's
Your daddy's g
Your daddy's gon
Your daddy's gonna
Your daddy's gonna b
Your daddy's gonna be
Your daddy's gonna be ok
Your daddy's gonna be okay
Your daddy's gonna be okay.
He
He's
Your daddy's gonna be okay.
He's g
He's gon
Your daddy's gonna be okay.
He's gonna
He's gonna b
Your daddy's gonna be okay.
He's gonna be
He's gonna be ok
Your daddy's gonna be okay.
He's gonna be okay
He's gonna be okay.
C
Com
He's gonna be okay.
Come
Come on
He's gonna be okay.
Come on!
G
God
Come on!
Godda
Goddamn
Come on!
Goddamn i
Goddamn it,
Come on!
Goddamn it, L
Goddamn it, Lay
Come on!
Goddamn it, Layto
Goddamn it, Layton!
Yo
You
Goddamn it, Layton!
You do
You don'
Goddamn it, Layton!
You don't
You don't ge
Goddamn it, Layton!
You don't get
You don't get to
Goddamn it, Layton!
You don't get to d
You don't get to do
Goddamn it, Layton!
You don't get to do th
You don't get to do this
Goddamn it, Layton!
You don't get to do this!
C
Com
You don't get to do this!
Come
Come on
You don't get to do this!
Come on,
Come on, La
You don't get to do this!
Come on, Layt
Come on, Layton
You don't get to do this!
Come on, Layton,
co
come
Come on, Layton,
come o
come on,
Come on, Layton,
come on, b
come on, bud
Come on, Layton,
come on, buddy
come on, buddy.
Yo
Your
come on, buddy.
Your d
Your dau
come on, buddy.
Your daugh
Your daughte
come on, buddy.
Your daughter
Your daughter ne
come on, buddy.
Your daughter need
Your daughter needs
come on, buddy.
Your daughter needs yo
Your daughter needs you,
come on, buddy.
Your daughter needs you, p
Your daughter needs you, pal
come on, buddy.
Your daughter needs you, pal.
♪
Y
Yes
Yes,
Yes, ye
Yes, yes.
Yes, yes...
C
Com
Yes, yes...
Come
Come on
Yes, yes...
Come on,
Come on, La
Yes, yes...
Come on, Layt
Come on, Layton
Yes, yes...
Come on, Layton.
Y
Yes
Come on, Layton.
Yes.
Yes. Ye
Come on, Layton.
Yes. Yes.
W
We
Yes. Yes.
We go
We good
Yes. Yes.
We good?
Ye
Yeah
We good?
Yeah.
A
All
Yeah.
All r
All rig
Yeah.
All right
All right,
Yeah.
All right, go
All right, good
Yeah.
All right, good.
Le
Let'
All right, good.
Let's
Let's go
All right, good.
Let's go h
Let's go hom
All right, good.
Let's go home
Let's go home an
All right, good.
Let's go home and
Let's go home and ho
All right, good.
Let's go home and hope
Let's go home and hope n
All right, good.
Let's go home and hope no
on
one
Let's go home and hope no
one be
one beat
Let's go home and hope no
one beats
one beats us
Let's go home and hope no
one beats us t
one beats us the
Let's go home and hope no
one beats us there
one beats us there.
♪
I
Is
Is th
Is ther
Is there
Is there an
Is there any
Is there any le
Is there any legi
Is there any legiti
Is there any legitima
Is there any legitimacy
Is there any legitimacy t
Is there any legitimacy to
th
this
this A
this Adm
this Admir
this Admiral
this Admiral's
this Admiral's m
this Admiral's mis
this Admiral's missi
this Admiral's mission
this Admiral's mission?
If
If M
this Admiral's mission?
If Mel
If Melan
this Admiral's mission?
If Melanie
If Melanie a
this Admiral's mission?
If Melanie and
Al
Alex
If Melanie and
Alex a
Alex are
If Melanie and
Alex are i
Alex are inv
If Melanie and
Alex are invol
Alex are involve
If Melanie and
Alex are involved-
Alex are involved--
W
We
Alex are involved--
We do
We don'
Alex are involved--
We don't
We don't kn
Alex are involved--
We don't know
We don't know t
Alex are involved--
We don't know tha
We don't know that
Alex are involved--
We don't know that th
We don't know that they
Alex are involved--
We don't know that they a
We don't know that they are
Alex are involved--
We don't know that they are.
B
But
We don't know that they are.
But i
But if
We don't know that they are.
But if th
But if they
We don't know that they are.
But if they a
But if they are
We don't know that they are.
But if they are,
But if they are, th
We don't know that they are.
But if they are, then
But if they are, then m
We don't know that they are.
But if they are, then may
But if they are, then maybe
it
it c
But if they are, then maybe
it cou
it could
But if they are, then maybe
it could b
it could be
But if they are, then maybe
it could be a
it could be a go
But if they are, then maybe
it could be a good
it could be a good t
But if they are, then maybe
it could be a good thi
it could be a good thing
But if they are, then maybe
it could be a good thing?
Al
Alex
it could be a good thing?
Alex h
Alex had
it could be a good thing?
Alex had q
Alex had que
it could be a good thing?
Alex had quest
Alex had questio
it could be a good thing?
Alex had questions
Alex had questions a
it could be a good thing?
Alex had questions abo
Alex had questions about
th
the
Alex had questions about
the st
the stab
Alex had questions about
the stabil
the stabilit
Alex had questions about
the stability
the stability of
Alex had questions about
the stability of o
the stability of our
Alex had questions about
the stability of our p
the stability of our poc
Alex had questions about
the stability of our pocke
the stability of our pocket,
ri
righ
the stability of our pocket,
right,
right, J
the stability of our pocket,
right, Jav
right, Javi?
T
The
right, Javi?
These
These p
right, Javi?
These peo
These peopl
right, Javi?
These people,
These people, t
right, Javi?
These people, the
These people, they
right, Javi?
These people, they do
These people, they don'
right, Javi?
These people, they don't
These people, they don't wa
right, Javi?
These people, they don't want
to
to s
These people, they don't want
to sav
to save
These people, they don't want
to save th
to save the
These people, they don't want
to save the wo
to save the worl
These people, they don't want
to save the world.
Th
They
to save the world.
They w
They wan
to save the world.
They want
They want to
to save the world.
They want to o
They want to own
to save the world.
They want to own i
They want to own it.
Th
That
They want to own it.
That's
That's a
They want to own it.
That's all
That's all.
W
Why
That's all.
Why d
Why don
That's all.
Why don't
Why don't w
That's all.
Why don't we
Why don't we sk
That's all.
Why don't we skip
al
all
Why don't we skip
all th
all this
Why don't we skip
all this a
all this and
Why don't we skip
all this and g
all this and go?
We
We a
all this and go?
We att
We attac
all this and go?
We attach
We attach th
all this and go?
We attach the
We attach the en
all this and go?
We attach the engi
We attach the engine
all this and go?
We attach the engine a
We attach the engine and
hi
hit
We attach the engine and
hit th
hit the
We attach the engine and
hit the tr
hit the trac
We attach the engine and
hit the tracks
hit the tracks.
A
And
hit the tracks.
And w
And wha
hit the tracks.
And what?
Ab
Aban
And what?
Abando
Abandon
And what?
Abandon Ne
Abandon New
And what?
Abandon New Ed
Abandon New Eden
And what?
Abandon New Eden?
I
It'
Abandon New Eden?
It's
It's no
Abandon New Eden?
It's not
It's not sa
Abandon New Eden?
It's not safe
It's not safe h
Abandon New Eden?
It's not safe her
It's not safe here.
I
It'
It's not safe here.
It's
It's no
It's not safe here.
It's not
It's not sa
It's not safe here.
It's not safe
It's not safe a
It's not safe here.
It's not safe any
It's not safe anywh
It's not safe here.
It's not safe anywher
It's not safe anywhere.
(W
(Win
It's not safe anywhere.
(Wind
(Wind gu
It's not safe anywhere.
(Wind gust
(Wind gustin
It's not safe anywhere.
(Wind gusting)
We
We c
(Wind gusting)
We can
We can't
(Wind gusting)
We can't r
We can't run
(Wind gusting)
We can't run f
We can't run for
(Wind gusting)
We can't run forev
We can't run forever
(Wind gusting)
We can't run forever,
We can't run forever, co
(Wind gusting)
We can't run forever, cons
We can't run forever, consta
(Wind gusting)
We can't run forever, constant
We can't run forever, constantly
lo
look
We can't run forever, constantly
lookin
looking
We can't run forever, constantly
looking ov
looking over
We can't run forever, constantly
looking over o
looking over our
We can't run forever, constantly
looking over our s
looking over our sho
We can't run forever, constantly
looking over our shoul
looking over our shoulde
We can't run forever, constantly
looking over our shoulders
looking over our shoulders.
An
And
looking over our shoulders.
And we
And we s
looking over our shoulders.
And we sho
And we shoul
looking over our shoulders.
And we shouldn
And we shouldn't
looking over our shoulders.
And we shouldn't h
And we shouldn't hav
looking over our shoulders.
And we shouldn't have
And we shouldn't have to
looking over our shoulders.
And we shouldn't have to.
We
We b
And we shouldn't have to.
We bui
We built
And we shouldn't have to.
We built s
We built som
And we shouldn't have to.
We built somet
We built somethi
And we shouldn't have to.
We built something
We built something h
And we shouldn't have to.
We built something her
We built something here.
Th
This
We built something here.
This i
This is
We built something here.
This is ou
This is our
We built something here.
This is our ho
This is our home
We built something here.
This is our home.
We
We'v
This is our home.
We've
We've go
This is our home.
We've got
We've got to
This is our home.
We've got to f
We've got to fig
This is our home.
We've got to fight
We've got to fight f
This is our home.
We've got to fight for
We've got to fight for i
This is our home.
We've got to fight for it.
B
Ben
We've got to fight for it.
Ben d
Ben die
We've got to fight for it.
Ben died
Ben died so
We've got to fight for it.
Ben died so w
Ben died so we
We've got to fight for it.
Ben died so we ha
Ben died so we had
We've got to fight for it.
Ben died so we had a
sh
shot
Ben died so we had a
shot a
shot at
Ben died so we had a
shot at a
shot at a be
Ben died so we had a
shot at a bett
shot at a better
Ben died so we had a
shot at a better l
shot at a better lif
Ben died so we had a
shot at a better life.
Ca
Can'
shot at a better life.
Can't
Can't le
shot at a better life.
Can't let
Can't let th
shot at a better life.
Can't let them
Can't let them w
shot at a better life.
Can't let them win
Can't let them win.
Y
Yea
Can't let them win.
Yeah,
Yeah, B
Can't let them win.
Yeah, Ben
Yeah, Ben d
Can't let them win.
Yeah, Ben did
Yeah, Ben did g
Can't let them win.
Yeah, Ben did goo
Yeah, Ben did good.
♪
(Creaks)
S
So
So di
So did
So did yo
So did you,
So did you, J
So did you, Jav
So did you, Javi.
So
So d
So did you, Javi.
So did
So did a
So did you, Javi.
So did all
So did all o
So did you, Javi.
So did all of
So did all of yo
So did you, Javi.
So did all of you.
Right.
Le
Let'
Let's
Let's se
Let's see
Let's see ab
Let's see abou
Let's see about
Let's see about so
Let's see about some
li
ligh
Let's see about some
light,
light, s
Let's see about some
light, sha
light, shall
Let's see about some
light, shall w
light, shall we?
♪
(Thudding click)
(Whirring)
♪
(Indistinct chatter)
(Clears throat)
♪
(E
(Eng
(Engin
(Engine
(Engine re
(Engine revv
(Engine revvin
(Engine revving)
R
Roc
(Engine revving)
Roche
Roche:
(Engine revving)
Roche: We
Roche: We'r
(Engine revving)
Roche: We're
Roche: We're ma
(Engine revving)
Roche: We're maki
Roche: We're making
go
good
Roche: We're making
good t
good tim
Roche: We're making
good time.
Yo
You
good time.
You sh
You shou
good time.
You should
You should g
good time.
You should get
You should get s
good time.
You should get som
You should get some
good time.
You should get some sl
You should get some slee
good time.
You should get some sleep.
♪
La
Layt
Layton
Layton's
Layton's t
Layton's tou
Layton's tough
Layton's tough a
Layton's tough as
Layton's tough as na
Layton's tough as nail
Layton's tough as nails.
Th
The
Layton's tough as nails.
The ma
The man
Layton's tough as nails.
The man su
The man surv
Layton's tough as nails.
The man surviv
The man survived
Layton's tough as nails.
The man survived t
The man survived the
Layton's tough as nails.
The man survived the a
The man survived the apo
Layton's tough as nails.
The man survived the apoca
The man survived the apocaly
Layton's tough as nails.
The man survived the apocalyps
The man survived the apocalypse,
a
a li
The man survived the apocalypse,
a litt
a little
The man survived the apocalypse,
a little f
a little fro
The man survived the apocalypse,
a little frost
a little frostbi
The man survived the apocalypse,
a little frostbite
a little frostbite's
The man survived the apocalypse,
a little frostbite's n
a little frostbite's not
The man survived the apocalypse,
a little frostbite's nothi
a little frostbite's nothing
The man survived the apocalypse,
a little frostbite's nothing.
T
Tha
a little frostbite's nothing.
That'
That's
a little frostbite's nothing.
That's no
That's not
a little frostbite's nothing.
That's not th
That's not the
a little frostbite's nothing.
That's not the fi
That's not the firs
a little frostbite's nothing.
That's not the first
ti
time
That's not the first
time I
time I'v
That's not the first
time I've
time I've se
That's not the first
time I've seen
time I've seen h
That's not the first
time I've seen him
time I've seen him d
That's not the first
time I've seen him die
time I've seen him die.
♪
Ho
How
How do
How do y
How do you
How do you k
How do you kno
How do you know
wh
wher
How do you know
where
where we
How do you know
where we'r
where we're
How do you know
where we're go
where we're goin
How do you know
where we're going?
I
I'v
where we're going?
I've
I've ac
where we're going?
I've actu
I've actual
where we're going?
I've actually
I've actually m
where we're going?
I've actually mad
I've actually made
th
this
I've actually made
this t
this tri
I've actually made
this trip
this trip be
I've actually made
this trip befo
this trip before
I've actually made
this trip before.
W
Why
this trip before.
Why?
Wh
What
Why?
What w
What wer
Why?
What were
What were yo
Why?
What were you
do
doin
What were you
doing
doing at
What were you
doing at t
doing at the
What were you
doing at the S
doing at the Sil
What were you
doing at the Silo?
Y
Yea
doing at the Silo?
Yeah,
Yeah, i
doing at the Silo?
Yeah, it'
Yeah, it's
doing at the Silo?
Yeah, it's ac
Yeah, it's actu
doing at the Silo?
Yeah, it's actual
Yeah, it's actually
a
a cr
Yeah, it's actually
a craz
a crazy
Yeah, it's actually
a crazy st
a crazy stor
Yeah, it's actually
a crazy story-
a crazy story--
L
Lay
a crazy story--
Layto
Layton:
a crazy story--
Layton: J
Layton: Jos
a crazy story--
Layton: Josie
Layton: Josie..
a crazy story--
Layton: Josie...
♪
(U
(Unc
(Uncle
(Unclear
(Unclear).
H
Hey
(Unclear).
Hey.
(L
(Lay
Hey.
(Layto
(Layton
Hey.
(Layton gr
(Layton grun
Hey.
(Layton grunts
(Layton grunts)
He
Hey.
♪
H
How
How l
How lon
How long
How long wa
How long was
How long was I
How long was I ou
How long was I out?
U
Uh,
How long was I out?
Uh, j
Uh, jus
How long was I out?
Uh, just
Uh, just a
How long was I out?
Uh, just a co
Uh, just a coup
How long was I out?
Uh, just a couple
Uh, just a couple o
How long was I out?
Uh, just a couple of
Uh, just a couple of ho
How long was I out?
Uh, just a couple of hour
Uh, just a couple of hours.
Ro
Roch
Uh, just a couple of hours.
Roche
Roche sa
Uh, just a couple of hours.
Roche says
Roche says w
Uh, just a couple of hours.
Roche says we'
Roche says we'll
Uh, just a couple of hours.
Roche says we'll b
Roche says we'll be
in
in N
Roche says we'll be
in New
in New E
Roche says we'll be
in New Ede
in New Eden
Roche says we'll be
in New Eden by
in New Eden by m
Roche says we'll be
in New Eden by mor
in New Eden by morni
Roche says we'll be
in New Eden by morning
in New Eden by morning.
♪
Wh
What
What?
I
I p
What?
I pro
I promi
What?
I promise
I promised
What?
I promised th
I promised the
What?
I promised the to
I promised the town
I'
I'd
I promised the town
I'd br
I'd brin
I promised the town
I'd bring
I'd bring ba
I promised the town
I'd bring back
I'd bring back B
I promised the town
I'd bring back Big
I'd bring back Big A
I promised the town
I'd bring back Big Ali
I'd bring back Big Alice
I promised the town
I'd bring back Big Alice.
W
We
I'd bring back Big Alice.
We ha
We have
I'd bring back Big Alice.
We have L
We have Lia
I'd bring back Big Alice.
We have Liana
We have Liana.
Th
They
We have Liana.
They'l
They'll
We have Liana.
They'll un
They'll unde
We have Liana.
They'll unders
They'll understa
We have Liana.
They'll understand
They'll understand.
♪
(Room din)
T
Tha
Thank
Thank y
Thank you
Thank you a
Thank you all
Thank you all f
Thank you all for
Thank you all for j
Thank you all for joi
Thank you all for joini
Thank you all for joining
Thank you all for joining.
In
In h
Thank you all for joining.
In hop
In hopes
Thank you all for joining.
In hopes o
In hopes of
Thank you all for joining.
In hopes of ca
In hopes of carr
Thank you all for joining.
In hopes of carryi
In hopes of carrying
Thank you all for joining.
In hopes of carrying o
In hopes of carrying out
th
the
In hopes of carrying out
the Ad
the Admi
In hopes of carrying out
the Admira
the Admiral'
In hopes of carrying out
the Admiral's
the Admiral's mi
In hopes of carrying out
the Admiral's miss
the Admiral's missio
In hopes of carrying out
the Admiral's mission,
I'
I've
the Admiral's mission,
I've,
I've, I'
the Admiral's mission,
I've, I've
I've, I've i
the Admiral's mission,
I've, I've inv
I've, I've invit
the Admiral's mission,
I've, I've invited
I've, I've invited D
the Admiral's mission,
I've, I've invited Dr.
I've, I've invited Dr. H
the Admiral's mission,
I've, I've invited Dr. Hea
I've, I've invited Dr. Headw
the Admiral's mission,
I've, I've invited Dr. Headwoo
I've, I've invited Dr. Headwood
he
here
I've, I've invited Dr. Headwood
here t
here to
I've, I've invited Dr. Headwood
here to di
here to disc
I've, I've invited Dr. Headwood
here to discus
here to discuss
I've, I've invited Dr. Headwood
here to discuss wh
here to discuss what
I've, I've invited Dr. Headwood
here to discuss what c
here to discuss what com
I've, I've invited Dr. Headwood
here to discuss what comes
here to discuss what comes n
I've, I've invited Dr. Headwood
here to discuss what comes nex
here to discuss what comes next.
T
Tha
here to discuss what comes next.
Thank
Thank y
here to discuss what comes next.
Thank you
Thank you f
here to discuss what comes next.
Thank you for
Thank you for i
here to discuss what comes next.
Thank you for inc
Thank you for inclu
here to discuss what comes next.
Thank you for includi
Thank you for including
here to discuss what comes next.
Thank you for including m
Thank you for including me.
I
I'v
Thank you for including me.
I've
I've re
Thank you for including me.
I've real
I've realiz
Thank you for including me.
I've realized
I've realized t
Thank you for including me.
I've realized the
I've realized the d
Thank you for including me.
I've realized the dam
I've realized the damag
Thank you for including me.
I've realized the damage
do
done
I've realized the damage
done t
done to
I've realized the damage
done to yo
done to your
I've realized the damage
done to your r
done to your res
I've realized the damage
done to your respi
done to your respira
I've realized the damage
done to your respirato
done to your respiratory
I've realized the damage
done to your respiratory s
done to your respiratory sys
I've realized the damage
done to your respiratory syste
done to your respiratory systems
ha
has,
done to your respiratory systems
has, h
has, has
done to your respiratory systems
has, has l
has, has lim
done to your respiratory systems
has, has limit
has, has limited
done to your respiratory systems
has, has limited y
has, has limited you
in
in s
has, has limited you
in som
in some
has, has limited you
in some ca
in some capa
has, has limited you
in some capaci
in some capacity
has, has limited you
in some capacity.
Bu
But
in some capacity.
But I
But I wa
in some capacity.
But I want
But I want y
in some capacity.
But I want you
But I want you t
in some capacity.
But I want you to
But I want you to kn
in some capacity.
But I want you to know
But I want you to know,
th
the
But I want you to know,
the pe
the peop
But I want you to know,
the people
the people i
But I want you to know,
the people in
the people in th
But I want you to know,
the people in this
the people in this r
But I want you to know,
the people in this roo
the people in this room
But I want you to know,
the people in this room ar
the people in this room are
go
goin
the people in this room are
going
going to
the people in this room are
going to c
going to cha
the people in this room are
going to chang
going to change
the people in this room are
going to change th
going to change the
the people in this room are
going to change the wo
going to change the worl
the people in this room are
going to change the world.
(C
(Cla
going to change the world.
(Claps
(Claps)
Y
Yes
(Claps)
Yes.
♪
C
Cou
Could
Could y
Could you
Could you r
Could you rem
Could you remov
Could you remove
yo
your
Could you remove
your h
your hel
Could you remove
your helme
your helmets
Could you remove
your helmets p
your helmets ple
Could you remove
your helmets pleas
your helmets please?
♪
I,
I, I
I, I j
I, I jus
I, I just
I, I just wa
I, I just want
to
to s
I, I just want
to see
to see y
I, I just want
to see you
to see your
I, I just want
to see your fa
to see your face
I, I just want
to see your faces.
♪
Yo
You
You do
You don'
You don't
You don't ha
You don't have
You don't have t
You don't have to
You don't have to hi
You don't have to hide
wh
who
You don't have to hide
who yo
who you
You don't have to hide
who you ar
who you are
You don't have to hide
who you are ar
who you are arou
You don't have to hide
who you are around
who you are around m
You don't have to hide
who you are around me.
I
I kn
who you are around me.
I know
I know t
who you are around me.
I know the
I know the t
who you are around me.
I know the tru
I know the truth
who you are around me.
I know the truth.
Yo
You'
I know the truth.
You're
You're h
I know the truth.
You're her
You're heroe
I know the truth.
You're heroes.
♪
So I'm, I'm...
I'
I'm,
I'm, u
I'm, uh,
I'm, uh, I
I'm, uh, I'm
I'm, uh, I'm n
I'm, uh, I'm no
mi
mili
I'm, uh, I'm no
milita
military
I'm, uh, I'm no
military t
military tac
I'm, uh, I'm no
military tacti
military tactici
I'm, uh, I'm no
military tactician
military tactician.
Um
Um..
military tactician.
Um...
♪
Ho
How,
How, h
How, how
How, how w
How, how wou
How, how would
How, how would y
How, how would you
How, how would you g
How, how would you go
ab
abou
How, how would you go
about
about ta
How, how would you go
about taki
about taking
How, how would you go
about taking B
about taking Big
How, how would you go
about taking Big A
about taking Big Ali
How, how would you go
about taking Big Alice
about taking Big Alice?
S
Sho
about taking Big Alice?
Shock
Shock a
about taking Big Alice?
Shock and
Shock and a
about taking Big Alice?
Shock and awe
Shock and awe.
Af
Afte
Shock and awe.
After
After we
Shock and awe.
After we t
After we tak
Shock and awe.
After we take
After we take th
Shock and awe.
After we take the
After we take the en
Shock and awe.
After we take the engi
After we take the engine
Shock and awe.
After we take the engine,
we
we b
After we take the engine,
we blo
we blow
After we take the engine,
we blow th
we blow the
After we take the engine,
we blow the bo
we blow the bomb
After we take the engine,
we blow the bombs
an
and
we blow the bombs
and bu
and bury
we blow the bombs
and bury t
and bury the
we blow the bombs
and bury the t
and bury the tow
we blow the bombs
and bury the town.
♪
Cl
Clea
Cleane
Cleanest
Cleanest o
Cleanest opt
Cleanest optio
Cleanest option.
S
So,
Cleanest option.
So, a
So, and
Cleanest option.
So, and t
So, and tha
Cleanest option.
So, and that'
So, and that's,
Cleanest option.
So, and that's, t
So, and that's, tha
Cleanest option.
So, and that's, that'
So, and that's, that's
ou
our
So, and that's, that's
our on
our only
So, and that's, that's
our only o
our only opt
So, and that's, that's
our only optio
our only option?
Y
You
our only option?
You c
You cou
our only option?
You could
You could s
our only option?
You could sen
You could send
our only option?
You could send Al
You could send Alex
if
if y
You could send Alex
if you
if your
You could send Alex
if your ca
if your casu
You could send Alex
if your casual
if your casualti
You could send Alex
if your casualties
is
is w
if your casualties
is wha
is what
if your casualties
is what yo
is what you
if your casualties
is what you pr
is what you pref
if your casualties
is what you prefer
is what you prefer,
it
it's
is what you prefer,
it's t
it's the
is what you prefer,
it's the b
it's the bes
is what you prefer,
it's the best
it's the best op
is what you prefer,
it's the best opti
it's the best option
is what you prefer,
it's the best option.
Th
They
it's the best option.
They w
They won
it's the best option.
They won't
They won't h
it's the best option.
They won't hur
They won't hurt
it's the best option.
They won't hurt th
They won't hurt thei
it's the best option.
They won't hurt their
They won't hurt their ow
it's the best option.
They won't hurt their own.
♪
W
We'
We've
We've g
We've got
We've got a
We've got a b
We've got a bit
We've got a bit o
We've got a bit of
We've got a bit of ti
We've got a bit of time
We've got a bit of time.
Ju
Just
We've got a bit of time.
Just m
Just mak
We've got a bit of time.
Just make
Just make su
We've got a bit of time.
Just make sure
Just make sure y
We've got a bit of time.
Just make sure you
Just make sure your
sq
squa
Just make sure your
squad
squad is
Just make sure your
squad is r
squad is rea
Just make sure your
squad is ready
squad is ready.
♪
(R
(Roo
(Room
(Room di
(Room din)
N
New
(Room din)
New E
New Ede
(Room din)
New Eden
New Eden sp
(Room din)
New Eden spam
New Eden spam c
(Room din)
New Eden spam cho
New Eden spam chowd
(Room din)
New Eden spam chowder
New Eden spam chowder.
It
It's
New Eden spam chowder.
It's,
It's, it
New Eden spam chowder.
It's, it's
It's, it's n
New Eden spam chowder.
It's, it's not
It's, it's not g
New Eden spam chowder.
It's, it's not gre
It's, it's not great
bu
but
It's, it's not great
but it
but it i
It's, it's not great
but it is
but it is fo
It's, it's not great
but it is food
but it is food.
I
I th
but it is food.
I thin
I think.
B
Bet
I think.
Bette
Better
I think.
Better th
Better than
I think.
Better than S
Better than Sno
I think.
Better than Snowp
Better than Snowpie
I think.
Better than Snowpierc
Better than Snowpiercer
I think.
Better than Snowpiercer?
O
Oh,
Better than Snowpiercer?
Oh, y
Oh, yea
Better than Snowpiercer?
Oh, yeah.
Wa
Way
Oh, yeah.
Way be
Way bett
Oh, yeah.
Way better
Way better.
No
No m
Way better.
No mys
No myste
Way better.
No mystery
No mystery m
Way better.
No mystery mea
No mystery meat.
(C
(Chu
No mystery meat.
(Chuck
(Chuckle
No mystery meat.
(Chuckles)
H
How
(Chuckles)
How,
How, ho
(Chuckles)
How, how
How, how ar
(Chuckles)
How, how are
How, how are th
(Chuckles)
How, how are the
How, how are the ne
(Chuckles)
How, how are the new
How, how are the new di
(Chuckles)
How, how are the new digs
How, how are the new digs?
T
Til
How, how are the new digs?
Till:
Till: T
How, how are the new digs?
Till: The
Till: They'
How, how are the new digs?
Till: They're
Till: They're s
How, how are the new digs?
Till: They're sti
Till: They're still
se
sett
Till: They're still
settin
setting
Till: They're still
setting th
setting them
Till: They're still
setting them u
setting them up.
Th
Ther
setting them up.
There'
There's,
setting them up.
There's, u
There's, um,
setting them up.
There's, um, t
There's, um, the
setting them up.
There's, um, there
There's, um, there's
setting them up.
There's, um, there's r
There's, um, there's roo
setting them up.
There's, um, there's room
fo
for
There's, um, there's room
for on
for one
There's, um, there's room
for one mo
for one more
There's, um, there's room
for one more i
for one more if
There's, um, there's room
for one more if yo
for one more if you'
There's, um, there's room
for one more if you're
si
sick
for one more if you're
sick o
sick of
for one more if you're
sick of th
sick of this
for one more if you're
sick of this m
sick of this mus
for one more if you're
sick of this musty
sick of this musty c
for one more if you're
sick of this musty cli
sick of this musty clini
for one more if you're
sick of this musty clinic.
N
Not
sick of this musty clinic.
Not s
Not sur
sick of this musty clinic.
Not sure
Not sure th
sick of this musty clinic.
Not sure that
Not sure that's
sick of this musty clinic.
Not sure that's a
Not sure that's a g
sick of this musty clinic.
Not sure that's a goo
Not sure that's a good
sick of this musty clinic.
Not sure that's a good id
Not sure that's a good idea
sick of this musty clinic.
Not sure that's a good idea.
♪
Why not?
Ye
Yeah
Yeah,
Yeah, ne
Yeah, neve
Yeah, never
Yeah, never mi
Yeah, never mind
Yeah, never mind.
Um
Um,
Yeah, never mind.
Um, ye
Um, yeah
Yeah, never mind.
Um, yeah,
I
I sh
Um, yeah,
I shou
I should
Um, yeah,
I should,
I should, I
Um, yeah,
I should, I sh
I should, I shou
Um, yeah,
I should, I should
I should, I should g
Um, yeah,
I should, I should go.
♪
(S
(Smo
(Smooc
(Smooche
(Smooches)
W
Wai
(Smooches)
Wait.
♪
I know how hard this is for you.
Th
The
The ga
The gas
The gas di
The gas did
The gas did a
The gas did a lo
The gas did a lot
The gas did a lot of
The gas did a lot of d
The gas did a lot of dam
The gas did a lot of damag
The gas did a lot of damage.
Y
You
The gas did a lot of damage.
Your
Your lu
The gas did a lot of damage.
Your lung
Your lungs
The gas did a lot of damage.
Your lungs wi
Your lungs will
The gas did a lot of damage.
Your lungs will h
Your lungs will hea
The gas did a lot of damage.
Your lungs will heal.
♪
W
We'
We're
We're l
We're liv
We're livin
We're living
We're living on
bo
borr
We're living on
borrow
borrowed
We're living on
borrowed t
borrowed tim
We're living on
borrowed time,
borrowed time, B
We're living on
borrowed time, Bes
borrowed time, Bess.
♪
I
I wa
I want
I want y
I want you
I want you t
I want you to
I want you to be
I want you to be s
I want you to be sma
I want you to be smart
ab
abou
I want you to be smart
about
about ho
I want you to be smart
about how
about how yo
I want you to be smart
about how you
about how you us
I want you to be smart
about how you use
about how you use it
I want you to be smart
about how you use it.
♪
Okay.
(Door thuds)
♪
W
Wy
Wy do
Wy don'
Wy don't
Wy don't we
Wy don't we j
Wy don't we jus
Wy don't we just
ba
barr
Wy don't we just
barric
barricad
Wy don't we just
barricade
barricade in
Wy don't we just
barricade in B
barricade in Big
Wy don't we just
barricade in Big A
barricade in Big Ali
Wy don't we just
barricade in Big Alice
an
and
barricade in Big Alice
and ho
and hold
barricade in Big Alice
and hold '
and hold '´
barricade in Big Alice
and hold 'em
and hold 'em o
barricade in Big Alice
and hold 'em off
and hold 'em off t
barricade in Big Alice
and hold 'em off tha
and hold 'em off that
barricade in Big Alice
and hold 'em off that wa
and hold 'em off that way?
T
The
and hold 'em off that way?
There
There's
and hold 'em off that way?
There's a
There's a r
and hold 'em off that way?
There's a rea
There's a reaso
and hold 'em off that way?
There's a reason
There's a reason th
and hold 'em off that way?
There's a reason they
sa
say
There's a reason they
say re
say reme
There's a reason they
say rememb
say remember
There's a reason they
say remember t
say remember the
There's a reason they
say remember the A
say remember the Ala
There's a reason they
say remember the Alamo
say remember the Alamo.
Th
They
say remember the Alamo.
They l
They los
say remember the Alamo.
They lost.
I
I g
They lost.
I gue
I guess
They lost.
I guess I
I guess I m
They lost.
I guess I mus
I guess I must
They lost.
I guess I must ha
I guess I must have
sk
skip
I guess I must have
skippe
skipped
I guess I must have
skipped In
skipped Intr
I guess I must have
skipped Intro
skipped Intro To
I guess I must have
skipped Intro To H
skipped Intro To His
I guess I must have
skipped Intro To Histo
skipped Intro To Histori
I guess I must have
skipped Intro To Historica
skipped Intro To Historical
Wa
Warf
skipped Intro To Historical
Warfar
Warfare
skipped Intro To Historical
Warfare th
Warfare that
skipped Intro To Historical
Warfare that d
Warfare that day
skipped Intro To Historical
Warfare that day.
(
(La
Warfare that day.
(Laug
(Laughs
Warfare that day.
(Laughs)
(Laughs) Pl
Warfare that day.
(Laughs) Plea
(Laughs) Please
Warfare that day.
(Laughs) Please,
yo
you
(Laughs) Please,
you ne
you neve
(Laughs) Please,
you never
you never sk
(Laughs) Please,
you never skip
you never skippe
(Laughs) Please,
you never skipped
a
a cl
you never skipped
a clas
a class
you never skipped
a class a
a class a da
you never skipped
a class a day
a class a day in
you never skipped
a class a day in y
a class a day in you
you never skipped
a class a day in your
a class a day in your li
you never skipped
a class a day in your life
a class a day in your life.
R
Rig
a class a day in your life.
Right
Right?
M
May
Right?
Maybe
Maybe y
Right?
Maybe you
Maybe you'r
Right?
Maybe you're
Maybe you're on
Right?
Maybe you're on t
Maybe you're on to
Right?
Maybe you're on to so
Maybe you're on to some
Right?
Maybe you're on to someth
Maybe you're on to somethin
Right?
Maybe you're on to something
wi
with
Maybe you're on to something
with t
with the
Maybe you're on to something
with the b
with the bar
Maybe you're on to something
with the barri
with the barrica
Maybe you're on to something
with the barricade
with the barricades
Maybe you're on to something
with the barricades th
with the barricades thou
Maybe you're on to something
with the barricades though
with the barricades though.
Wh
What
with the barricades though.
What i
What if
with the barricades though.
What if we
What if we b
with the barricades though.
What if we blo
What if we block
with the barricades though.
What if we block t
What if we block the
with the barricades though.
What if we block the a
What if we block the all
with the barricades though.
What if we block the alley
What if we block the alleywa
with the barricades though.
What if we block the alleyways
an
and
What if we block the alleyways
and le
and leav
What if we block the alleyways
and leave
and leave th
What if we block the alleyways
and leave the
and leave the ma
What if we block the alleyways
and leave the main
en
entr
and leave the main
entran
entrance
and leave the main
entrance o
entrance ope
and leave the main
entrance open?
L
Let
entrance open?
Let t
Let the
entrance open?
Let them
Let them ri
entrance open?
Let them righ
Let them right
entrance open?
Let them right in
Let them right in?
E
Exa
Let them right in?
Exact
Exactly
Let them right in?
Exactly.
Cr
Crea
Exactly.
Create
Create a
Exactly.
Create a b
Create a bot
Exactly.
Create a bottl
Create a bottlen
Exactly.
Create a bottlenec
Create a bottleneck.
If
If t
Create a bottleneck.
If the
If they'
Create a bottleneck.
If they're
If they're f
Create a bottleneck.
If they're for
If they're force
Create a bottleneck.
If they're forced
If they're forced in
Create a bottleneck.
If they're forced into
If they're forced into a
Create a bottleneck.
If they're forced into a c
If they're forced into a con
Create a bottleneck.
If they're forced into a convo
If they're forced into a convoy
th
thei
If they're forced into a convoy
their
their nu
If they're forced into a convoy
their numb
their number
If they're forced into a convoy
their numbers
their numbers co
If they're forced into a convoy
their numbers coun
their numbers count
If they're forced into a convoy
their numbers count fo
their numbers count for
If they're forced into a convoy
their numbers count for le
their numbers count for less
If they're forced into a convoy
their numbers count for less.
T
Tha
their numbers count for less.
That
That co
their numbers count for less.
That coul
That could
their numbers count for less.
That could ac
That could actu
their numbers count for less.
That could actual
That could actually
their numbers count for less.
That could actually w
That could actually wor
their numbers count for less.
That could actually work.
(Thuds, mechanical whirring)
♪
(L
(Lau
(Laugh
(Laughin
(Laughing)
I
I t
(Laughing)
I tho
I thoug
(Laughing)
I thought
I thought I
(Laughing)
I thought I'd
I thought I'd n
(Laughing)
I thought I'd nev
I thought I'd never
se
see
I thought I'd never
see yo
see you
I thought I'd never
see you ag
see you agai
I thought I'd never
see you again!
C
Can
see you again!
Can't
Can't g
see you again!
Can't get
Can't get r
see you again!
Can't get rid
of
of m
Can't get rid
of me
of me th
Can't get rid
of me that
of me that e
Can't get rid
of me that eas
of me that easy.
♪
(R
(Roo
(Room
(Room di
(Room din)
I
I h
I had
I had a
I had a j
I had a job
I had a job t
I had a job to
I had a job to br
I had a job to brin
I had a job to bring
Bi
Big
I had a job to bring
Big Al
Big Alic
I had a job to bring
Big Alice
Big Alice ba
I had a job to bring
Big Alice back
Big Alice back t
I had a job to bring
Big Alice back to
Big Alice back to Ne
I had a job to bring
Big Alice back to New
Big Alice back to New Ed
I had a job to bring
Big Alice back to New Eden
no
no m
Big Alice back to New Eden
no mat
no matte
Big Alice back to New Eden
no matter
no matter wh
Big Alice back to New Eden
no matter what
no matter what.
(R
(Roo
no matter what.
(Room
(Room di
no matter what.
(Room din)
I
I d
(Room din)
I don
I don't
(Room din)
I don't b
I don't bla
(Room din)
I don't blame
I don't blame y
(Room din)
I don't blame you
fo
for
I don't blame you
for le
for leav
I don't blame you
for leavin
for leaving
I don't blame you
for leaving us
for leaving us a
I don't blame you
for leaving us at
for leaving us at th
I don't blame you
for leaving us at the
for leaving us at the Si
I don't blame you
for leaving us at the Silo
for leaving us at the Silo.
Yo
You
for leaving us at the Silo.
You di
You did
for leaving us at the Silo.
You did wh
You did what
for leaving us at the Silo.
You did what y
You did what you
for leaving us at the Silo.
You did what you h
You did what you had
for leaving us at the Silo.
You did what you had t
You did what you had to
for leaving us at the Silo.
You did what you had to do
You did what you had to do.
(D
(Dra
You did what you had to do.
(Drama
(Dramati
You did what you had to do.
(Dramatic
(Dramatic mu
You did what you had to do.
(Dramatic musi
(Dramatic music)
So
So d
(Dramatic music)
So did
So did I
(Dramatic music)
So did I.
♪
I
I'm
I'm h
I'm hap
I'm happy
I'm happy y
I'm happy you
I'm happy you f
I'm happy you fou
I'm happy you found
I'm happy you found h
I'm happy you found her
I'm happy you found her.
Yo
You
I'm happy you found her.
You ma
You made
I'm happy you found her.
You made i
You made it
I'm happy you found her.
You made it ou
You made it out
I'm happy you found her.
You made it out al
You made it out aliv
I'm happy you found her.
You made it out alive.
Y
Yea
You made it out alive.
Yeah,
Yeah, m
You made it out alive.
Yeah, mak
Yeah, makes
You made it out alive.
Yeah, makes t
Yeah, makes two
You made it out alive.
Yeah, makes two o
Yeah, makes two of
You made it out alive.
Yeah, makes two of us
Yeah, makes two of us.
I
I d
Yeah, makes two of us.
I don
I don't
Yeah, makes two of us.
I don't i
I don't ima
Yeah, makes two of us.
I don't imagi
I don't imagine
we
we h
I don't imagine
we hav
we have
I don't imagine
we have mu
we have much
I don't imagine
we have much t
we have much tim
I don't imagine
we have much time.
B
Bes
we have much time.
Best
Best gu
we have much time.
Best gues
Best guess?
24 h
24 hou
Best guess?
24 hours
24 hours.
♪
A
And
And w
And who
And who's
And who's l
And who's lea
And who's leadi
And who's leading
And who's leading t
And who's leading the
And who's leading them
And who's leading them th
And who's leading them then
And who's leading them then?
Is
Is i
And who's leading them then?
Is it
Is it Wi
And who's leading them then?
Is it Wilf
Is it Wilfor
And who's leading them then?
Is it Wilford
Is it Wilford or
And who's leading them then?
Is it Wilford or t
Is it Wilford or the
And who's leading them then?
Is it Wilford or the A
Is it Wilford or the Adm
And who's leading them then?
Is it Wilford or the Admir
Is it Wilford or the Admiral
And who's leading them then?
Is it Wilford or the Admiral?
N
Nei
Is it Wilford or the Admiral?
Neith
Neither
Is it Wilford or the Admiral?
Neither.
♪
N
Nim
Nima:
Nima: H
Nima: Hel
Nima: Hello
Nima: Hello.
H
Hi.
(C
(Cle
Hi.
(Clear
(Clears
Hi.
(Clears th
(Clears thro
Hi.
(Clears throat
(Clears throat)
D
Did
(Clears throat)
Did y
Did you
(Clears throat)
Did you d
Did you dra
(Clears throat)
Did you draw
Did you draw th
(Clears throat)
Did you draw that
Did you draw that?
A
Ale
Did you draw that?
Alex:
Alex: M
Did you draw that?
Alex: Mm-
Alex: Mm-hm
Did you draw that?
Alex: Mm-hm.
I
I di
Alex: Mm-hm.
I did.
(C
(Cle
I did.
(Clear
(Clears
I did.
(Clears th
(Clears thro
I did.
(Clears throat
(Clears throat)
W
Wow
(Clears throat)
Wow.
(Room din)
Yo
You'
You've
You've b
You've bee
You've been,
You've been, y
You've been, you
You've been, you'v
You've been, you've
You've been, you've be
You've been, you've been
You've been, you've been b
You've been, you've been bus
You've been, you've been busy.
U
Uh,
You've been, you've been busy.
Uh, y
Uh, yea
You've been, you've been busy.
Uh, yeah.
I'
I've
Uh, yeah.
I've f
I've fou
Uh, yeah.
I've found
I've found a
Uh, yeah.
I've found a w
I've found a wor
Uh, yeah.
I've found a worka
I've found a workaro
Uh, yeah.
I've found a workaroun
I've found a workaround,
ac
actu
I've found a workaround,
actual
actually
I've found a workaround,
actually.
If
If y
actually.
If you
If you m
actually.
If you mer
If you merge
actually.
If you merge t
If you merge the
actually.
If you merge the t
If you merge the two
actually.
If you merge the two h
If you merge the two hyd
actually.
If you merge the two hydra
If you merge the two hydraul
actually.
If you merge the two hydraulic
sy
syst
If you merge the two hydraulic
system
systems
If you merge the two hydraulic
systems in
systems in t
If you merge the two hydraulic
systems in the
systems in the s
If you merge the two hydraulic
systems in the sub
systems in the sub-e
If you merge the two hydraulic
systems in the sub-eng
systems in the sub-engin
If you merge the two hydraulic
systems in the sub-engine
yo
you
systems in the sub-engine
you wi
you will
systems in the sub-engine
you will c
you will cut
systems in the sub-engine
you will cut t
you will cut the
systems in the sub-engine
you will cut the r
you will cut the ret
systems in the sub-engine
you will cut the retro
you will cut the retrofi
systems in the sub-engine
you will cut the retrofit
ti
time
you will cut the retrofit
time i
time in
you will cut the retrofit
time in ha
time in half
you will cut the retrofit
time in half.
(R
(Roo
time in half.
(Room
(Room di
time in half.
(Room din)
N
Not
(Room din)
Not e
Not eve
(Room din)
Not even
Not even Me
(Room din)
Not even Mela
Not even Melani
(Room din)
Not even Melanie
th
thou
Not even Melanie
though
thought
Not even Melanie
thought of
thought of t
Not even Melanie
thought of tha
thought of that.
W
Wel
thought of that.
Well,
Well, n
thought of that.
Well, nob
Well, nobod
thought of that.
Well, nobody
Well, nobody kn
thought of that.
Well, nobody know
Well, nobody knows
Bi
Big
Well, nobody knows
Big Al
Big Alic
Well, nobody knows
Big Alice
Big Alice li
Well, nobody knows
Big Alice like
Big Alice like m
Well, nobody knows
Big Alice like me.
♪
Y
You
You s
You sho
You shoul
You should
You should kn
You should know
th
ther
You should know
there'
there's
You should know
there's no
there's no n
You should know
there's no nee
there's no need
You should know
there's no need to
there's no need to w
You should know
there's no need to wor
there's no need to worry
You should know
there's no need to worry.
Yo
Your
there's no need to worry.
Your,
Your, yo
there's no need to worry.
Your, your
Your, your m
there's no need to worry.
Your, your mot
Your, your mothe
there's no need to worry.
Your, your mother
Your, your mother is
there's no need to worry.
Your, your mother is s
Your, your mother is saf
there's no need to worry.
Your, your mother is safe.
C
Can
Your, your mother is safe.
Can I
Can I s
Your, your mother is safe.
Can I see
Can I see h
Your, your mother is safe.
Can I see her
Can I see her?
S
She
Can I see her?
She's
She's b
Can I see her?
She's bus
She's busy
Can I see her?
She's busy wi
She's busy with
th
the
She's busy with
the cl
the clim
She's busy with
the climat
the climate
She's busy with
the climate mo
the climate mode
She's busy with
the climate model.
Bu
But
the climate model.
But so
But soon
the climate model.
But soon.
Se
See,
But soon.
See, t
See, the
But soon.
See, the c
See, the con
But soon.
See, the condi
See, the conditi
But soon.
See, the condition
See, the conditions-
But soon.
See, the conditions--
uh
uh,
See, the conditions--
uh, th
uh, thes
See, the conditions--
uh, these
uh, these co
See, the conditions--
uh, these cond
uh, these condit
See, the conditions--
uh, these conditio
uh, these conditions
wo
won'
uh, these conditions
won't
won't re
uh, these conditions
won't reac
won't reach
uh, these conditions
won't reach pe
won't reach peak
uh, these conditions
won't reach peak p
won't reach peak pos
uh, these conditions
won't reach peak posit
won't reach peak positio
uh, these conditions
won't reach peak position
ag
agai
won't reach peak position
again
again fo
won't reach peak position
again for
again for an
won't reach peak position
again for anot
again for anothe
won't reach peak position
again for another
again for another fi
won't reach peak position
again for another five
again for another five y
won't reach peak position
again for another five yea
again for another five years
won't reach peak position
again for another five years.
So
So i
again for another five years.
So if,
So if, i
again for another five years.
So if, if
So if, if Ge
again for another five years.
So if, if Gemi
So if, if Gemini
again for another five years.
So if, if Gemini i
So if, if Gemini is
again for another five years.
So if, if Gemini is to
So if, if Gemini is to b
again for another five years.
So if, if Gemini is to be
la
laun
So if, if Gemini is to be
launch
launched
So if, if Gemini is to be
launched a
launched and
So if, if Gemini is to be
launched and s
launched and spr
So if, if Gemini is to be
launched and sprea
launched and spread
So if, if Gemini is to be
launched and spread ar
launched and spread arou
So if, if Gemini is to be
launched and spread around
launched and spread around t
So if, if Gemini is to be
launched and spread around the
gl
glob
launched and spread around the
globe,
globe, t
launched and spread around the
globe, tim
globe, time
launched and spread around the
globe, time is
globe, time is o
launched and spread around the
globe, time is of
globe, time is of th
launched and spread around the
globe, time is of the
globe, time is of the es
launched and spread around the
globe, time is of the esse
globe, time is of the essenc
launched and spread around the
globe, time is of the essence.
W
Wel
globe, time is of the essence.
Well,
Well, y
globe, time is of the essence.
Well, yes
Well, yeste
globe, time is of the essence.
Well, yesterd
Well, yesterday
globe, time is of the essence.
Well, yesterday y
Well, yesterday you
globe, time is of the essence.
Well, yesterday you w
Well, yesterday you wer
globe, time is of the essence.
Well, yesterday you were
sa
sayi
Well, yesterday you were
saying
saying t
Well, yesterday you were
saying tha
saying that
Well, yesterday you were
saying that sh
saying that she
Well, yesterday you were
saying that she wa
saying that she was
Well, yesterday you were
saying that she was wo
saying that she was work
Well, yesterday you were
saying that she was workin
saying that she was working
on
on t
saying that she was working
on the
on the c
saying that she was working
on the com
on the compo
saying that she was working
on the compoun
on the compound,
saying that she was working
on the compound, a
on the compound, and
saying that she was working
on the compound, and t
on the compound, and tod
saying that she was working
on the compound, and today
yo
you'
on the compound, and today
you're
you're s
on the compound, and today
you're say
you're sayin
on the compound, and today
you're saying
you're saying sh
on the compound, and today
you're saying she'
you're saying she's
on the compound, and today
you're saying she's wo
you're saying she's work
on the compound, and today
you're saying she's workin
you're saying she's working
on
on t
you're saying she's working
on the
on the c
you're saying she's working
on the cli
on the clima
you're saying she's working
on the climate
on the climate m
you're saying she's working
on the climate mod
on the climate model
you're saying she's working
on the climate model.
Y
Yes
on the climate model.
Yes,
Yes, yo
on the climate model.
Yes, your
Yes, your,
on the climate model.
Yes, your, yo
Yes, your, your
on the climate model.
Yes, your, your m
Yes, your, your mot
on the climate model.
Yes, your, your mothe
Yes, your, your mother
ha
has
Yes, your, your mother
has ma
has many
Yes, your, your mother
has many s
has many ski
Yes, your, your mother
has many skill
has many skills.
(C
(Chu
has many skills.
(Chuck
(Chuckle
has many skills.
(Chuckles)
♪
It
It's
It's d
It's dif
It's diffi
It's difficu
It's difficult
It's difficult,
It's difficult, I
It's difficult, I kn
It's difficult, I know
It's difficult, I know,
to
to b
It's difficult, I know,
to be
to be th
It's difficult, I know,
to be the
to be the sm
It's difficult, I know,
to be the smar
to be the smarte
It's difficult, I know,
to be the smartest
to be the smartest p
It's difficult, I know,
to be the smartest per
to be the smartest perso
It's difficult, I know,
to be the smartest person
in
in e
to be the smartest person
in eve
in every
to be the smartest person
in every r
in every roo
to be the smartest person
in every room
in every room yo
to be the smartest person
in every room you'
in every room you'll
to be the smartest person
in every room you'll e
in every room you'll ent
to be the smartest person
in every room you'll enter
in every room you'll enter.
Mo
Most
in every room you'll enter.
Most p
Most peo
in every room you'll enter.
Most peopl
Most people
in every room you'll enter.
Most people do
Most people don'
in every room you'll enter.
Most people don't
Most people don't un
in every room you'll enter.
Most people don't unde
Most people don't unders
in every room you'll enter.
Most people don't understa
Most people don't understand
wh
what
Most people don't understand
what t
what tha
Most people don't understand
what that'
what that's
Most people don't understand
what that's li
what that's like
Most people don't understand
what that's like b
what that's like but
Most people don't understand
what that's like but I
what that's like but I d
Most people don't understand
what that's like but I do.
Yo
You
what that's like but I do.
You wa
You want
what that's like but I do.
You want a
You want ans
what that's like but I do.
You want answe
You want answers
what that's like but I do.
You want answers,
You want answers, ri
what that's like but I do.
You want answers, righ
You want answers, right?
An
And,
You want answers, right?
And, a
And, and
You want answers, right?
And, and e
And, and eve
You want answers, right?
And, and event
And, and eventua
You want answers, right?
And, and eventuall
And, and eventually
yo
you'
And, and eventually
you'll
you'll g
And, and eventually
you'll get
you'll get t
And, and eventually
you'll get the
you'll get them.
Ju
Just
you'll get them.
Just n
Just not
you'll get them.
Just not r
Just not rig
you'll get them.
Just not right
Just not right n
you'll get them.
Just not right now
Just not right now.
♪
Th
This
This i
This is
This is go
This is good
This is good w
This is good wor
This is good work.
W
Wel
This is good work.
Well,
Well, i
This is good work.
Well, it
Well, it do
This is good work.
Well, it does
Well, it doesn'
This is good work.
Well, it doesn't
Well, it doesn't me
This is good work.
Well, it doesn't mean
an
anyt
Well, it doesn't mean
anythi
anything
Well, it doesn't mean
anything b
anything bec
Well, it doesn't mean
anything becau
anything because
Well, it doesn't mean
anything because w
anything because we
Well, it doesn't mean
anything because we do
anything because we don'
Well, it doesn't mean
anything because we don't
ha
have
anything because we don't
have b
have bot
anything because we don't
have both
have both en
anything because we don't
have both engi
have both engine
anything because we don't
have both engines.
Wh
What
have both engines.
What's
What's y
have both engines.
What's you
What's your
have both engines.
What's your pl
What's your plan
fo
for
What's your plan
for ta
for taki
What's your plan
for taking
for taking B
What's your plan
for taking Big
for taking Big A
What's your plan
for taking Big Ali
for taking Big Alice
What's your plan
for taking Big Alice?
To
To a
for taking Big Alice?
To ask
To ask n
for taking Big Alice?
To ask nic
To ask nicel
for taking Big Alice?
To ask nicely?
♪
I'll let you know.
(Clears throat)
♪
T
Tha
Thank
Thank y
Thank you
Thank you!
He
Hey,
Thank you!
Hey, h
Hey, hey
Thank you!
Hey, hey!
Hey, hey! Wh
Thank you!
Hey, hey! What
Hey, hey! What's
Thank you!
Hey, hey! What's u
Hey, hey! What's up!
(B
(Bar
Hey, hey! What's up!
(Bar d
(Bar din
Hey, hey! What's up!
(Bar din)
O
Oy!
(G
(Gru
Oy!
(Grunt
(Grunts)
I
It'
(Grunts)
It's
It's me
(Grunts)
It's me!
T
Tho
It's me!
Thoug
Thought
It's me!
Thought w
Thought we
It's me!
Thought we lo
Thought we lost
It's me!
Thought we lost y
Thought we lost ya.
W
Wel
Thought we lost ya.
Well,
Well, I
Thought we lost ya.
Well, I'm
Well, I'm s
Thought we lost ya.
Well, I'm sor
Well, I'm sorry
to
to d
Well, I'm sorry
to dis
to disap
Well, I'm sorry
to disappo
to disappoin
Well, I'm sorry
to disappoint
to disappoint ya
Well, I'm sorry
to disappoint ya.
A
Alr
to disappoint ya.
Alrig
Alright
to disappoint ya.
Alright,
Alright, th
to disappoint ya.
Alright, that
Alright, that's
to disappoint ya.
Alright, that's e
Alright, that's eno
to disappoint ya.
Alright, that's enoug
Alright, that's enough.
H
Hey
Alright, that's enough.
Hey,
Hey, th
Alright, that's enough.
Hey, than
Hey, thanks
Alright, that's enough.
Hey, thanks f
Hey, thanks for
Alright, that's enough.
Hey, thanks for h
Hey, thanks for hol
Alright, that's enough.
Hey, thanks for holdi
Hey, thanks for holding
do
down
Hey, thanks for holding
down t
down the
Hey, thanks for holding
down the f
down the for
Hey, thanks for holding
down the fort
down the fort wh
Hey, thanks for holding
down the fort whil
down the fort while
Hey, thanks for holding
down the fort while I
down the fort while I wa
Hey, thanks for holding
down the fort while I was
down the fort while I was go
Hey, thanks for holding
down the fort while I was gone
down the fort while I was gone.
Go
Good
down the fort while I was gone.
Good w
Good wor
down the fort while I was gone.
Good work.
An
And
Good work.
And di
And did
Good work.
And did I
And did I he
Good work.
And did I hear
And did I hear c
Good work.
And did I hear cor
And did I hear corre
Good work.
And did I hear correct
And did I hear correctly
th
that
And did I hear correctly
that y
that you
And did I hear correctly
that you g
that you gav
And did I hear correctly
that you gave
that you gave so
And did I hear correctly
that you gave some
that you gave somebo
And did I hear correctly
that you gave somebody
a
a Ni
that you gave somebody
a Nigh
a Nightc
that you gave somebody
a Nightcar
a Nightcar s
that you gave somebody
a Nightcar ser
a Nightcar servi
that you gave somebody
a Nightcar service
a Nightcar service?
Y
Yea
a Nightcar service?
Yeah,
Yeah, w
a Nightcar service?
Yeah, wel
Yeah, well,
a Nightcar service?
Yeah, well, k
Yeah, well, kee
a Nightcar service?
Yeah, well, keep
Yeah, well, keep th
a Nightcar service?
Yeah, well, keep that
un
unde
Yeah, well, keep that
under
under yo
Yeah, well, keep that
under your
under your h
Yeah, well, keep that
under your hat
under your hat,
Yeah, well, keep that
under your hat, ma
under your hat, mate
Yeah, well, keep that
under your hat, mate.
O
Oka
under your hat, mate.
Okay!
An
And
Okay!
And yo
And you!
I
I go
And you!
I gott
I gotta
And you!
I gotta sa
I gotta say,
And you!
I gotta say, i
I gotta say, it'
And you!
I gotta say, it's
I gotta say, it's a
And you!
I gotta say, it's a da
I gotta say, it's a damn
go
good
I gotta say, it's a damn
good t
good thi
I gotta say, it's a damn
good thing
good thing s
I gotta say, it's a damn
good thing see
good thing seein
I gotta say, it's a damn
good thing seeing
good thing seeing yo
I gotta say, it's a damn
good thing seeing you.
I
I t
good thing seeing you.
I too
I took
good thing seeing you.
I took th
I took the
good thing seeing you.
I took the sc
I took the scen
good thing seeing you.
I took the scenic
ro
rout
I took the scenic
route
route bu
I took the scenic
route but
route but I
I took the scenic
route but I ma
route but I made
I took the scenic
route but I made i
route but I made it.
Wh
What
route but I made it.
What a
What abo
route but I made it.
What about
What about y
route but I made it.
What about you
What about you,
route but I made it.
What about you, bo
What about you, boss
route but I made it.
What about you, boss?
Yo
You
What about you, boss?
You kn
You know
What about you, boss?
You know H
You know Hal
What about you, boss?
You know Hallo
You know Hallowe
What about you, boss?
You know Halloween
You know Halloween's
What about you, boss?
You know Halloween's o
You know Halloween's ove
What about you, boss?
You know Halloween's over,
ri
righ
You know Halloween's over,
right?
(
(Si
right?
(Sigh
(Sighs)
right?
(Sighs) Y
(Sighs) Yes
right?
(Sighs) Yes,
(Sighs) Yes, th
right?
(Sighs) Yes, this
he
helm
(Sighs) Yes, this
helmet
helmet s
(Sighs) Yes, this
helmet sme
helmet smell
(Sighs) Yes, this
helmet smells
helmet smells li
(Sighs) Yes, this
helmet smells like
helmet smells like d
(Sighs) Yes, this
helmet smells like dea
helmet smells like death
(Sighs) Yes, this
helmet smells like death.
I
I sh
helmet smells like death.
I shou
I should
helmet smells like death.
I should p
I should pro
helmet smells like death.
I should proba
I should probabl
helmet smells like death.
I should probably
ge
get
I should probably
get it
get it o
I should probably
get it off
get it off t
I should probably
get it off the
get it off the t
I should probably
get it off the tab
get it off the table
I should probably
get it off the table.
W
Whe
get it off the table.
Where
Where'd
get it off the table.
Where'd y
Where'd you
get it off the table.
Where'd you g
Where'd you get
it
it f
Where'd you get
it fro
it from
Where'd you get
it from an
it from anyw
Where'd you get
it from anyway
it from anyway?
A
Ah,
it from anyway?
Ah, w
Ah, wel
it from anyway?
Ah, well,
Ah, well, i
it from anyway?
Ah, well, it'
Ah, well, it's
it from anyway?
Ah, well, it's ac
Ah, well, it's actu
it from anyway?
Ah, well, it's actual
Ah, well, it's actually
a
a wi
Ah, well, it's actually
a wild
a wild s
Ah, well, it's actually
a wild sto
a wild story
Ah, well, it's actually
a wild story--
G
Gat
a wild story--
Gathe
Gather
a wild story--
Gather up
Gather up t
a wild story--
Gather up the
Gather up the c
a wild story--
Gather up the cou
Gather up the counc
a wild story--
Gather up the council
Gather up the council.
We
We n
Gather up the council.
We nee
We need
Gather up the council.
We need de
We need defe
Gather up the council.
We need defenc
We need defences
Gather up the council.
We need defences i
We need defences in
Gather up the council.
We need defences in pl
We need defences in plac
Gather up the council.
We need defences in place
as
as s
We need defences in place
as soo
as soon
We need defences in place
as soon as
as soon as p
We need defences in place
as soon as pos
as soon as possi
We need defences in place
as soon as possibl
as soon as possible.
♪
T
The
The p
The peo
The peopl
The people
The people co
The people comi
The people coming
The people coming a
The people coming are
tr
trai
The people coming are
traine
trained
The people coming are
trained mi
trained mili
The people coming are
trained milita
trained military
The people coming are
trained military f
trained military for
The people coming are
trained military force
trained military forces.
W
We'
trained military forces.
We'll
We'll d
trained military forces.
We'll do
We'll do wh
trained military forces.
We'll do what
We'll do whatev
trained military forces.
We'll do whatever
We'll do whatever w
trained military forces.
We'll do whatever we
We'll do whatever we ca
trained military forces.
We'll do whatever we can.
Ti
Till
We'll do whatever we can.
Till i
Till is
We'll do whatever we can.
Till is ma
Till is maki
We'll do whatever we can.
Till is making
Till is making c
We'll do whatever we can.
Till is making cro
Till is making cross
We'll do whatever we can.
Till is making crossbo
Till is making crossbows
an
and
Till is making crossbows
and sh
and shie
Till is making crossbows
and shield
and shields,
Till is making crossbows
and shields, a
and shields, any
Till is making crossbows
and shields, anyth
and shields, anythin
Till is making crossbows
and shields, anything
and shields, anything th
Till is making crossbows
and shields, anything that
ca
can
and shields, anything that
can he
can help
and shields, anything that
can help l
can help lev
and shields, anything that
can help level
can help level t
and shields, anything that
can help level the
can help level the b
and shields, anything that
can help level the bat
can help level the battl
and shields, anything that
can help level the battlef
can help level the battlefie
and shields, anything that
can help level the battlefield
can help level the battlefield.
E
Exc
can help level the battlefield.
Excep
Except
can help level the battlefield.
Except th
Except ther
can help level the battlefield.
Except there
Except there wo
can help level the battlefield.
Except there won'
Except there won't
be
be a
Except there won't
be a b
be a bat
Except there won't
be a battl
be a battlef
Except there won't
be a battlefie
be a battlefield
Except there won't
be a battlefield.
Th
The
be a battlefield.
The hi
The hill
be a battlefield.
The hillsi
The hillside
be a battlefield.
The hillside i
The hillside is
be a battlefield.
The hillside is ri
The hillside is ridd
be a battlefield.
The hillside is riddle
The hillside is riddled
wi
with
The hillside is riddled
with e
with exp
The hillside is riddled
with explo
with explosi
The hillside is riddled
with explosive
with explosives.
Th
They
with explosives.
They c
They can
with explosives.
They can j
They can jus
with explosives.
They can just
They can just bu
with explosives.
They can just bury
They can just bury t
with explosives.
They can just bury the
to
town
They can just bury the
town a
town any
They can just bury the
town any t
town any tim
They can just bury the
town any time
town any time th
They can just bury the
town any time they
town any time they w
They can just bury the
town any time they wan
town any time they want.
T
The
town any time they want.
The m
The man
town any time they want.
The man's
The man's n
town any time they want.
The man's not
The man's not l
town any time they want.
The man's not lyi
The man's not lying
town any time they want.
The man's not lying.
R
Rut
The man's not lying.
Ruth:
Ruth: W
The man's not lying.
Ruth: We
Ruth: We wo
The man's not lying.
Ruth: We won'
Ruth: We won't
le
let
Ruth: We won't
let th
let them
Ruth: We won't
let them d
let them do
Ruth: We won't
let them do th
let them do that
Ruth: We won't
let them do that.
H
How
let them do that.
How?
How? We
let them do that.
How? We d
How? We don
let them do that.
How? We don't
How? We don't k
let them do that.
How? We don't kno
How? We don't know
ho
how
How? We don't know
how to
how to d
How? We don't know
how to dis
how to disar
How? We don't know
how to disarm
how to disarm th
How? We don't know
how to disarm the
how to disarm the bo
How? We don't know
how to disarm the bomb
how to disarm the bombs.
W
We
how to disarm the bombs.
We wo
We won'
how to disarm the bombs.
We won't
We won't ha
how to disarm the bombs.
We won't have
We won't have t
how to disarm the bombs.
We won't have to.
Al
All
We won't have to.
All we
All we h
We won't have to.
All we hav
All we have
We won't have to.
All we have to
All we have to d
We won't have to.
All we have to do
All we have to do is
We won't have to.
All we have to do is m
All we have to do is mak
We won't have to.
All we have to do is make
All we have to do is make su
We won't have to.
All we have to do is make sure
th
the
All we have to do is make sure
the Si
the Silo
All we have to do is make sure
the Silo d
the Silo doe
All we have to do is make sure
the Silo doesn
the Silo doesn't
All we have to do is make sure
the Silo doesn't u
the Silo doesn't use
All we have to do is make sure
the Silo doesn't use t
the Silo doesn't use the
All we have to do is make sure
the Silo doesn't use them.
I
If
the Silo doesn't use them.
If we
If we m
the Silo doesn't use them.
If we mov
If we move
the Silo doesn't use them.
If we move Bi
If we move Big
the Silo doesn't use them.
If we move Big Al
If we move Big Alic
the Silo doesn't use them.
If we move Big Alice
to
to t
If we move Big Alice
to the
to the o
If we move Big Alice
to the oth
to the other
If we move Big Alice
to the other s
to the other sid
If we move Big Alice
to the other side
to the other side of
If we move Big Alice
to the other side of t
to the other side of tow
If we move Big Alice
to the other side of town,
th
they
to the other side of town,
they w
they won
to the other side of town,
they won't
they won't r
to the other side of town,
they won't ris
they won't risk
to the other side of town,
they won't risk se
they won't risk sett
to the other side of town,
they won't risk settin
they won't risk setting
of
off
they won't risk setting
off an
off any
they won't risk setting
off any bo
off any bomb
they won't risk setting
off any bombs.
S
Syk
off any bombs.
Sykes
Sykes:
off any bombs.
Sykes: Be
Sykes: Beca
off any bombs.
Sykes: Becaus
Sykes: Because
off any bombs.
Sykes: Because it
Sykes: Because it'l
off any bombs.
Sykes: Because it'll
bu
bury
Sykes: Because it'll
bury t
bury the
Sykes: Because it'll
bury the t
bury the tra
Sykes: Because it'll
bury the track
bury the tracks.
M
Mm-
bury the tracks.
Mm-hm
Mm-hm.
W
Wha
Mm-hm.
What
What if
Mm-hm.
What if t
What if the
Mm-hm.
What if they
What if they ma
Mm-hm.
What if they mang
What if they mange
Mm-hm.
What if they mange to
What if they mange to g
Mm-hm.
What if they mange to get
th
the
What if they mange to get
the en
the engi
What if they mange to get
the engine
the engine,
What if they mange to get
the engine, th
the engine, then
What if they mange to get
the engine, then w
the engine, then wha
What if they mange to get
the engine, then what?
W
We
the engine, then what?
We lo
We lock
the engine, then what?
We lock t
We lock the
the engine, then what?
We lock the t
We lock the tra
the engine, then what?
We lock the track
We lock the track s
the engine, then what?
We lock the track swi
We lock the track switc
the engine, then what?
We lock the track switch,
an
and
We lock the track switch,
and Bi
and Big
We lock the track switch,
and Big Al
and Big Alic
We lock the track switch,
and Big Alice
and Big Alice is
We lock the track switch,
and Big Alice is s
and Big Alice is sec
We lock the track switch,
and Big Alice is secur
and Big Alice is secure,
an
and
and Big Alice is secure,
and fo
and forc
and Big Alice is secure,
and force
and force th
and Big Alice is secure,
and force them
and force them i
and Big Alice is secure,
and force them int
and force them into
and Big Alice is secure,
and force them into to
and force them into town
and Big Alice is secure,
and force them into town.
A
A bo
and force them into town.
A bott
A bottle
and force them into town.
A bottlene
A bottleneck
and force them into town.
A bottleneck,
A bottleneck, ri
and force them into town.
A bottleneck, righ
A bottleneck, right?
L
Lay
A bottleneck, right?
Layto
Layton:
A bottleneck, right?
Layton: L
Layton: Lea
A bottleneck, right?
Layton: Lead
Layton: Lead th
A bottleneck, right?
Layton: Lead them
Layton: Lead them d
A bottleneck, right?
Layton: Lead them dow
Layton: Lead them down
Ma
Main
Layton: Lead them down
Main S
Main Str
Layton: Lead them down
Main Stree
Main Street,
Layton: Lead them down
Main Street, h
Main Street, hav
Layton: Lead them down
Main Street, have
Main Street, have an
Layton: Lead them down
Main Street, have an a
Main Street, have an amb
Layton: Lead them down
Main Street, have an ambus
Main Street, have an ambush
wa
wait
Main Street, have an ambush
waitin
waiting
Main Street, have an ambush
waiting fr
waiting from
Main Street, have an ambush
waiting from b
waiting from bot
Main Street, have an ambush
waiting from both
waiting from both si
Main Street, have an ambush
waiting from both side
waiting from both sides.
W
We'
waiting from both sides.
We'll
We'll n
waiting from both sides.
We'll nee
We'll need
waiting from both sides.
We'll need so
We'll need some
waiting from both sides.
We'll need someon
We'll need someone
waiting from both sides.
We'll need someone de
We'll need someone dedi
waiting from both sides.
We'll need someone dedica
We'll need someone dedicate
waiting from both sides.
We'll need someone dedicated
on
on t
We'll need someone dedicated
on the
on the t
We'll need someone dedicated
on the tra
on the track
We'll need someone dedicated
on the track s
on the track swi
We'll need someone dedicated
on the track switc
on the track switch
We'll need someone dedicated
on the track switch th
on the track switch then
We'll need someone dedicated
on the track switch then.
I
I'l
on the track switch then.
I'll
I'll do
on the track switch then.
I'll do i
I'll do it.
Le
Let
I'll do it.
Let th
Let them
I'll do it.
Let them c
Let them com
I'll do it.
Let them come.
♪
O
Oka
Okay.
Th
The
Okay.
The so
The sold
Okay.
The soldie
The soldiers
Okay.
The soldiers y
The soldiers you
Okay.
The soldiers you n
The soldiers you nee
Okay.
The soldiers you need
to
to w
The soldiers you need
to wor
to worry
The soldiers you need
to worry a
to worry abo
The soldiers you need
to worry about
to worry about a
The soldiers you need
to worry about are
to worry about are t
The soldiers you need
to worry about are the
to worry about are the o
The soldiers you need
to worry about are the one
to worry about are the ones
in
in t
to worry about are the ones
in the
in the w
to worry about are the ones
in the whi
in the white
to worry about are the ones
in the white b
in the white bod
to worry about are the ones
in the white body
in the white body ar
to worry about are the ones
in the white body armo
in the white body armour
to worry about are the ones
in the white body armour.
Th
They
in the white body armour.
They'r
They're
in the white body armour.
They're th
They're the
in the white body armour.
They're the on
They're the ones
in the white body armour.
They're the ones t
They're the ones tha
in the white body armour.
They're the ones that
wi
will
They're the ones that
will s
will sen
They're the ones that
will send
will send fo
They're the ones that
will send for
will send for th
They're the ones that
will send for the
will send for the sw
They're the ones that
will send for the swit
will send for the switch
They're the ones that
will send for the switch.
W
We'
will send for the switch.
We'll
We'll h
will send for the switch.
We'll hit
We'll hit s
will send for the switch.
We'll hit sle
We'll hit sleep
will send for the switch.
We'll hit sleeper
We'll hit sleeper c
will send for the switch.
We'll hit sleeper car
We'll hit sleeper cars,
we
we w
We'll hit sleeper cars,
we wil
we will
We'll hit sleeper cars,
we will re
we will recr
We'll hit sleeper cars,
we will recrui
we will recruit
We'll hit sleeper cars,
we will recruit wh
we will recruit whoe
We'll hit sleeper cars,
we will recruit whoeve
we will recruit whoever
we
we c
we will recruit whoever
we can
we can t
we will recruit whoever
we can to
we can to fi
we will recruit whoever
we can to figh
we can to fight
we will recruit whoever
we can to fight or
we can to fight or p
we will recruit whoever
we can to fight or pat
we can to fight or patro
we will recruit whoever
we can to fight or patrol
th
the
we can to fight or patrol
the pe
the peri
we can to fight or patrol
the perime
the perimete
we can to fight or patrol
the perimeter.
I
I'l
the perimeter.
I'll
I'll jo
the perimeter.
I'll join
I'll join u
the perimeter.
I'll join up.
So
Some
I'll join up.
Someon
Someone'
I'll join up.
Someone's
Someone's go
I'll join up.
Someone's gott
Someone's gotta
I'll join up.
Someone's gotta ma
Someone's gotta make
su
sure
Someone's gotta make
sure t
sure the
Someone's gotta make
sure the o
sure the old
Someone's gotta make
sure the old m
sure the old man
Someone's gotta make
sure the old man d
sure the old man doe
Someone's gotta make
sure the old man doesn
sure the old man doesn't
di
disa
sure the old man doesn't
disapp
disappea
sure the old man doesn't
disappear
disappear ag
sure the old man doesn't
disappear agai
disappear again,
sure the old man doesn't
disappear again, e
disappear again, eh.
T
Tha
disappear again, eh.
That'
That's
disappear again, eh.
That's ri
That's righ
disappear again, eh.
That's right.
We
We c
That's right.
We can
We can't
That's right.
We can't l
We can't los
That's right.
We can't lose
We can't lose ou
That's right.
We can't lose our
he
head
We can't lose our
head o
head of
We can't lose our
head of se
head of secu
We can't lose our
head of securi
head of security
We can't lose our
head of security a
head of security aga
We can't lose our
head of security again
head of security again.
Al
Alri
head of security again.
Alrigh
Alright,
head of security again.
Alright, t
Alright, the
head of security again.
Alright, the t
Alright, the tra
head of security again.
Alright, the train
Alright, the train w
head of security again.
Alright, the train wil
Alright, the train will
head of security again.
Alright, the train will be
Alright, the train will be h
head of security again.
Alright, the train will be her
Alright, the train will be here
so
soon
Alright, the train will be here
soon e
soon eno
Alright, the train will be here
soon enoug
soon enough,
Alright, the train will be here
soon enough, s
soon enough, so
Alright, the train will be here
soon enough, so le
soon enough, so let'
Alright, the train will be here
soon enough, so let's
soon enough, so let's ge
Alright, the train will be here
soon enough, so let's get
ev
ever
soon enough, so let's get
everyo
everyone
soon enough, so let's get
everyone r
everyone rea
soon enough, so let's get
everyone ready
everyone ready a
soon enough, so let's get
everyone ready as
everyone ready as be
soon enough, so let's get
everyone ready as best
everyone ready as best w
soon enough, so let's get
everyone ready as best we
everyone ready as best we ca
soon enough, so let's get
everyone ready as best we can.
An
And
everyone ready as best we can.
And le
And let'
everyone ready as best we can.
And let's
And let's no
everyone ready as best we can.
And let's not
And let's not fo
everyone ready as best we can.
And let's not forg
And let's not forget
everyone ready as best we can.
And let's not forget t
And let's not forget tha
everyone ready as best we can.
And let's not forget that
th
the
And let's not forget that
the ma
the man
And let's not forget that
the man wh
the man who
And let's not forget that
the man who le
the man who lead
And let's not forget that
the man who leads
the man who leads th
And let's not forget that
the man who leads them
the man who leads them n
And let's not forget that
the man who leads them now
is
is t
the man who leads them now
is the
is the m
the man who leads them now
is the man
is the man w
the man who leads them now
is the man who
is the man who f
the man who leads them now
is the man who fro
is the man who froze
the man who leads them now
is the man who froze t
is the man who froze the
the man who leads them now
is the man who froze the w
is the man who froze the wor
the man who leads them now
is the man who froze the world
is the man who froze the world.
So
So i
is the man who froze the world.
So if
So if th
is the man who froze the world.
So if they
So if they t
is the man who froze the world.
So if they tak
So if they take
is the man who froze the world.
So if they take Bi
So if they take Big
is the man who froze the world.
So if they take Big Al
So if they take Big Alic
is the man who froze the world.
So if they take Big Alice
So if they take Big Alice we
do
don'
So if they take Big Alice we
don't
don't ju
So if they take Big Alice we
don't just
don't just l
So if they take Big Alice we
don't just los
don't just lose
So if they take Big Alice we
don't just lose Ne
don't just lose New
So if they take Big Alice we
don't just lose New Ed
don't just lose New Eden
So if they take Big Alice we
don't just lose New Eden..
don't just lose New Eden...
♪
We lose everything.
(C
(Cla
(Clack
(Clackin
(Clacking)
J
Jos
(Clacking)
Josie
Josie?
(Clacking)
Josie? It
Josie? It's
(Clacking)
Josie? It's J
Josie? It's Jav
(Clacking)
Josie? It's Javi.
Yo
You
Josie? It's Javi.
You th
You ther
Josie? It's Javi.
You there?
Y
Yea
You there?
Yeah,
Yeah, I
You there?
Yeah, I'm
Yeah, I'm h
You there?
Yeah, I'm her
Yeah, I'm here.
O
Oka
Yeah, I'm here.
Okay,
Okay, I
Yeah, I'm here.
Okay, I a
Okay, I alr
Yeah, I'm here.
Okay, I alrea
Okay, I already
Yeah, I'm here.
Okay, I already p
Okay, I already pri
Yeah, I'm here.
Okay, I already prime
Okay, I already primed
Yeah, I'm here.
Okay, I already primed th
Okay, I already primed the
se
sequ
Okay, I already primed the
sequen
sequence
Okay, I already primed the
sequence,
sequence, al
Okay, I already primed the
sequence, all
sequence, all yo
Okay, I already primed the
sequence, all you
sequence, all you ha
Okay, I already primed the
sequence, all you have
sequence, all you have t
Okay, I already primed the
sequence, all you have to
sequence, all you have to do
is
is p
sequence, all you have to do
is pre
is press
sequence, all you have to do
is press e
is press ent
sequence, all you have to do
is press enter
is press enter.
J
Jos
is press enter.
Josie
Josie:
is press enter.
Josie: Co
Josie: Copy
is press enter.
Josie: Copy.
♪
O
Off
Off w
Off we
Off we go
Off we go.
(Brakes screech)
(Engine rumbling loudly)
W
We'
We're
We're a
We're all
We're all c
We're all cle
We're all clear
We're all clear.
R
Rev
We're all clear.
Rever
Reversi
We're all clear.
Reversing
Reversing t
We're all clear.
Reversing the
Reversing the s
We're all clear.
Reversing the swi
Reversing the switc
We're all clear.
Reversing the switch
Reversing the switch no
We're all clear.
Reversing the switch now.
(C
(Com
Reversing the switch now.
(Compu
(Compute
Reversing the switch now.
(Computer
(Computer pl
Reversing the switch now.
(Computer plin
(Computer plinks
Reversing the switch now.
(Computer plinks)
(D
(Doo
(Computer plinks)
(Door
(Door cl
(Computer plinks)
(Door clic
(Door clicks
(Computer plinks)
(Door clicks,
(Door clicks, th
(Computer plinks)
(Door clicks, thud
(Door clicks, thuds)
I
I h
I hea
I hear
I hear it
I hear it's
I hear it's y
I hear it's you
I hear it's your
I hear it's your jo
I hear it's your job
I hear it's your job to
pr
prot
I hear it's your job to
protec
protect
I hear it's your job to
protect th
protect this
I hear it's your job to
protect this l
protect this lit
I hear it's your job to
protect this littl
protect this little
I hear it's your job to
protect this little co
protect this little comp
I hear it's your job to
protect this little comput
protect this little computer
I hear it's your job to
protect this little computer.
J
Jos
protect this little computer.
Josie
Josie:
protect this little computer.
Josie: Ye
Josie: Yeah
protect this little computer.
Josie: Yeah,
Josie: Yeah, so
protect this little computer.
Josie: Yeah, some
Josie: Yeah, someon
protect this little computer.
Josie: Yeah, someone'
Josie: Yeah, someone's
protect this little computer.
Josie: Yeah, someone's go
Josie: Yeah, someone's gott
protect this little computer.
Josie: Yeah, someone's gotta
ho
hold
Josie: Yeah, someone's gotta
hold t
hold the
Josie: Yeah, someone's gotta
hold the l
hold the lin
Josie: Yeah, someone's gotta
hold the line.
W
Why
hold the line.
Why n
Why not
hold the line.
Why not d
Why not des
hold the line.
Why not destr
Why not destroy
hold the line.
Why not destroy t
Why not destroy the
hold the line.
Why not destroy the t
Why not destroy the tra
hold the line.
Why not destroy the track
sw
swit
Why not destroy the track
switch
switch?
Why not destroy the track
switch? Ke
switch? Keep
Why not destroy the track
switch? Keep e
switch? Keep eng
Why not destroy the track
switch? Keep engin
switch? Keep engines
Why not destroy the track
switch? Keep engines i
switch? Keep engines in
Why not destroy the track
switch? Keep engines in pl
switch? Keep engines in plac
Why not destroy the track
switch? Keep engines in place?
O
Oh,
switch? Keep engines in place?
Oh, i
Oh, if
switch? Keep engines in place?
Oh, if yo
Oh, if you'
switch? Keep engines in place?
Oh, if you've
Oh, if you've n
switch? Keep engines in place?
Oh, if you've no
Oh, if you've no pa
switch? Keep engines in place?
Oh, if you've no para
Oh, if you've no parach
switch? Keep engines in place?
Oh, if you've no parachut
Oh, if you've no parachute,
th
the
Oh, if you've no parachute,
the ot
the othe
Oh, if you've no parachute,
the others
the others w
Oh, if you've no parachute,
the others wou
the others would
Oh, if you've no parachute,
the others would n
the others would nev
Oh, if you've no parachute,
the others would never
the others would never g
Oh, if you've no parachute,
the others would never go
fo
for
the others would never go
for it
for it.
D
Da.
Th
They
Da.
They w
They wan
Da.
They want
They want to
Da.
They want to r
They want to run
Da.
They want to run.
T
The
They want to run.
They
They wa
They want to run.
They want
They want t
They want to run.
They want the
They want the o
They want to run.
They want the opt
They want the optio
They want to run.
They want the option.
Th
Thou
They want the option.
Though
Though I
They want the option.
Though I d
Though I don
They want the option.
Though I don't
Though I don't s
They want the option.
Though I don't see
Though I don't see m
They want the option.
Though I don't see muc
Though I don't see much
They want the option.
Though I don't see much po
Though I don't see much poin
They want the option.
Though I don't see much point
in
in t
Though I don't see much point
in tha
in that
Though I don't see much point
in that an
in that anym
Though I don't see much point
in that anymor
in that anymore.
I
I t
I thi
I think
I think a
I think abo
I think about
I think about t
I think about tha
I think about that
I think about that ni
I think about that nigh
I think about that night.
Za
Zara
I think about that night.
Zarah.
(T
(Ten
Zarah.
(Tense
(Tense i
Zarah.
(Tense ins
(Tense instr
Zarah.
(Tense instrum
(Tense instrumen
Zarah.
(Tense instrumenta
(Tense instrumental
Zarah.
(Tense instrumental sw
(Tense instrumental swel
Zarah.
(Tense instrumental swell)
I
I r
I ran
I ran i
I ran int
I ran into
I ran into He
I ran into Head
I ran into Headwo
I ran into Headwood
at
at t
I ran into Headwood
at the
at the S
I ran into Headwood
at the Sil
at the Silo.
I ran into Headwood
at the Silo...
..
..bu
at the Silo...
..but
..but sh
at the Silo...
..but she
..but she go
at the Silo...
..but she got
..but she got aw
at the Silo...
..but she got away
..but she got away,
at the Silo...
..but she got away, ag
..but she got away, agai
at the Silo...
..but she got away, again.
Go
God,
..but she got away, again.
God, t
God, the
..but she got away, again.
God, these
God, these p
..but she got away, again.
God, these peo
God, these peopl
..but she got away, again.
God, these people
God, these people ju
..but she got away, again.
God, these people just
God, these people just i
..but she got away, again.
God, these people just inf
God, these people just infli
..but she got away, again.
God, these people just inflict
God, these people just inflicted
so
so m
God, these people just inflicted
so muc
so much
God, these people just inflicted
so much pa
so much pain
God, these people just inflicted
so much pain o
so much pain on
God, these people just inflicted
so much pain on us
so much pain on us.
Do
Do y
so much pain on us.
Do you
Do you e
so much pain on us.
Do you eve
Do you ever
so much pain on us.
Do you ever wo
Do you ever wond
so much pain on us.
Do you ever wonder
Do you ever wonder i
so much pain on us.
Do you ever wonder if
Do you ever wonder if th
so much pain on us.
Do you ever wonder if they
Do you ever wonder if they w
so much pain on us.
Do you ever wonder if they wer
Do you ever wonder if they were
th
the
Do you ever wonder if they were
the on
the ones
Do you ever wonder if they were
the ones e
the ones exp
Do you ever wonder if they were
the ones exper
the ones experim
Do you ever wonder if they were
the ones experimen
the ones experimente
Do you ever wonder if they were
the ones experimented
the ones experimented on
Do you ever wonder if they were
the ones experimented on?
To
Tort
the ones experimented on?
Tortur
Tortured
the ones experimented on?
Tortured?
Wh
What
Tortured?
What t
What the
Tortured?
What they'
What they'd
Tortured?
What they'd do
What they'd do?
I
If
What they'd do?
If He
If Head
What they'd do?
If Headwo
If Headwood
What they'd do?
If Headwood h
If Headwood had
What they'd do?
If Headwood had n
If Headwood had not
es
esca
If Headwood had not
escape
escaped.
If Headwood had not
escaped...
..
..wh
escaped...
..what
..what w
escaped...
..what wou
..what would
escaped...
..what would y
..what would you
escaped...
..what would you h
..what would you hav
escaped...
..what would you have
..what would you have do
escaped...
..what would you have done
..what would you have done?
I
I wi
I will
I will h
I will hel
I will help
I will help yo
I will help you
I will help you pr
I will help you prot
I will help you protec
I will help you protect
th
this
I will help you protect
this l
this lit
I will help you protect
this littl
this little
I will help you protect
this little co
this little comp
I will help you protect
this little comput
this little computer
I will help you protect
this little computer.
Ok
Okey
this little computer.
Okey-d
Okey-dok
this little computer.
Okey-dokey
Okey-dokey?
O
Oke
Okey-dokey?
Okey-
Okey-do
Okey-dokey?
Okey-doke
Okey-dokey.
Z
Z:
Okey-dokey.
Z: Wh
Z: Whoe
Okey-dokey.
Z: Whoeve
Z: Whoever
Okey-dokey.
Z: Whoever ca
Z: Whoever cam
Okey-dokey.
Z: Whoever cam fi
Z: Whoever cam figh
Okey-dokey.
Z: Whoever cam fight
wi
will
Z: Whoever cam fight
will s
will sta
Z: Whoever cam fight
will stay
will stay in
Z: Whoever cam fight
will stay in t
will stay in tow
Z: Whoever cam fight
will stay in town-
will stay in town--
T
Tri
will stay in town--
Trist
Tristan
will stay in town--
Tristan:
Tristan: An
will stay in town--
Tristan: And
Tristan: And ev
will stay in town--
Tristan: And ever
Tristan: And everyo
will stay in town--
Tristan: And everyone
Tristan: And everyone e
will stay in town--
Tristan: And everyone els
Tristan: And everyone else
wi
will
Tristan: And everyone else
will b
will be
Tristan: And everyone else
will be mo
will be move
Tristan: And everyone else
will be moved
will be moved to
Tristan: And everyone else
will be moved to t
will be moved to the
sl
slee
will be moved to the
sleepe
sleeper
will be moved to the
sleeper ca
sleeper cars
will be moved to the
sleeper cars.
R
Rut
sleeper cars.
Ruth:
Ruth: T
sleeper cars.
Ruth: Tha
Ruth: That'
sleeper cars.
Ruth: That's
Ruth: That's go
sleeper cars.
Ruth: That's good
Ruth: That's good,
sleeper cars.
Ruth: That's good, Tr
Ruth: That's good, Tris
sleeper cars.
Ruth: That's good, Trista
Ruth: That's good, Tristan.
Yo
You'
Ruth: That's good, Tristan.
You'll
You'll b
Ruth: That's good, Tristan.
You'll be
You'll be sa
Ruth: That's good, Tristan.
You'll be safe
You'll be safe u
Ruth: That's good, Tristan.
You'll be safe up
You'll be safe up th
Ruth: That's good, Tristan.
You'll be safe up ther
You'll be safe up there.
(P
(Peo
You'll be safe up there.
(Peopl
(People
You'll be safe up there.
(People cl
(People clam
You'll be safe up there.
(People clamou
(People clamour)
Le
Let'
Let's
Let's ma
Let's make
Let's make s
Let's make sur
Let's make sure
Let's make sure we
Let's make sure weap
Let's make sure weapon
Let's make sure weapons
Let's make sure weapons ar
Let's make sure weapons are
be
bein
Let's make sure weapons are
being
being ev
Let's make sure weapons are
being even
being evenly
Let's make sure weapons are
being evenly d
being evenly dis
Let's make sure weapons are
being evenly distr
being evenly distrib
Let's make sure weapons are
being evenly distribut
being evenly distributed
Let's make sure weapons are
being evenly distributed,
yo
you
being evenly distributed,
you ca
you can
being evenly distributed,
you can se
you can see
being evenly distributed,
you can see Ti
you can see Till
being evenly distributed,
you can see Till a
you can see Till abo
being evenly distributed,
you can see Till about
you can see Till about t
being evenly distributed,
you can see Till about tha
you can see Till about that.
L
Lay
you can see Till about that.
Layto
Layton:
you can see Till about that.
Layton: I
Layton: It'
you can see Till about that.
Layton: It's
Layton: It's al
you can see Till about that.
Layton: It's all
co
comi
Layton: It's all
comin'
comin' t
Layton: It's all
comin' tog
comin' toget
Layton: It's all
comin' togethe
comin' together.
R
Rut
comin' together.
Ruth:
Ruth: Y
comin' together.
Ruth: You
Ruth: You t
comin' together.
Ruth: You thi
Ruth: You think
comin' together.
Ruth: You think i
Ruth: You think it'
comin' together.
Ruth: You think it's
go
good
Ruth: You think it's
good e
good eno
Ruth: You think it's
good enoug
good enough?
T
The
good enough?
These
These p
good enough?
These peo
These peopl
good enough?
These people
These people kn
good enough?
These people know
These people know h
good enough?
These people know how
These people know how t
good enough?
These people know how to
fi
figh
These people know how to
fight.
fight. T
These people know how to
fight. The
fight. They'
These people know how to
fight. They've
fight. They've h
These people know how to
fight. They've had
fight. They've had y
These people know how to
fight. They've had yea
fight. They've had years
of
of p
fight. They've had years
of pra
of pract
fight. They've had years
of practic
of practice.
Y
Yes
of practice.
Yes,
Yes, bu
of practice.
Yes, but
Yes, but no
of practice.
Yes, but not
Yes, but not qu
of practice.
Yes, but not quit
Yes, but not quite
of practice.
Yes, but not quite li
Yes, but not quite like
of practice.
Yes, but not quite like t
Yes, but not quite like thi
of practice.
Yes, but not quite like this.
I
If
Yes, but not quite like this.
If yo
If you
Yes, but not quite like this.
If you se
If you see
Yes, but not quite like this.
If you see an
If you see anyt
Yes, but not quite like this.
If you see anythi
If you see anything
Yes, but not quite like this.
If you see anything--
An
Anyt
If you see anything--
Anythi
Anything
If you see anything--
Anything a
Anything at
If you see anything--
Anything at al
Anything at all-
If you see anything--
Anything at all--
Po
Pop
Anything at all--
Pop th
Pop the
Anything at all--
Pop the fl
Pop the flar
Anything at all--
Pop the flare,
Pop the flare, o
Anything at all--
Pop the flare, oka
Pop the flare, okay?
Th
This
Pop the flare, okay?
This w
This wil
Pop the flare, okay?
This will
This will tr
Pop the flare, okay?
This will trig
This will trigge
Pop the flare, okay?
This will trigger
This will trigger th
Pop the flare, okay?
This will trigger the
This will trigger the lo
Pop the flare, okay?
This will trigger the look
This will trigger the lookou
Pop the flare, okay?
This will trigger the lookout
This will trigger the lookout to
so
soun
This will trigger the lookout to
sound
sound th
This will trigger the lookout to
sound the
sound the wh
This will trigger the lookout to
sound the whis
sound the whistl
This will trigger the lookout to
sound the whistle
sound the whistle on
This will trigger the lookout to
sound the whistle on B
sound the whistle on Big
This will trigger the lookout to
sound the whistle on Big A
sound the whistle on Big Ali
This will trigger the lookout to
sound the whistle on Big Alice
an
and
sound the whistle on Big Alice
and wa
and wake
sound the whistle on Big Alice
and wake t
and wake the
sound the whistle on Big Alice
and wake the w
and wake the who
sound the whistle on Big Alice
and wake the whole
ne
neig
and wake the whole
neighb
neighbou
and wake the whole
neighbourh
neighbourhoo
and wake the whole
neighbourhood,
neighbourhood, o
and wake the whole
neighbourhood, oka
neighbourhood, okay?
Ev
Ever
neighbourhood, okay?
Everyo
Everyone
neighbourhood, okay?
Everyone g
Everyone got
neighbourhood, okay?
Everyone got i
Everyone got it?
Go
Go,
Everyone got it?
Go, go
Go, go.
Everyone got it?
Go, go. He
Go, go. Hey.
Fu
Futz
Go, go. Hey.
Futz w
Futz wit
Go, go. Hey.
Futz with
Futz with th
Go, go. Hey.
Futz with this
Futz with this,
Go, go. Hey.
Futz with this, mo
Futz with this, moun
Go, go. Hey.
Futz with this, mounta
Futz with this, mountain
Go, go. Hey.
Futz with this, mountain m
Futz with this, mountain man
Go, go. Hey.
Futz with this, mountain man.
It
It's
Futz with this, mountain man.
It's o
It's one
Futz with this, mountain man.
It's one o
It's one of
Futz with this, mountain man.
It's one of th
It's one of thei
Futz with this, mountain man.
It's one of their
It's one of their ra
Futz with this, mountain man.
It's one of their radi
It's one of their radios
Futz with this, mountain man.
It's one of their radios.
I
I ke
It's one of their radios.
I keep
I keep h
It's one of their radios.
I keep hea
I keep heari
It's one of their radios.
I keep hearing
I keep hearing v
It's one of their radios.
I keep hearing voi
I keep hearing voice
It's one of their radios.
I keep hearing voices,
bu
but
I keep hearing voices,
but th
but they
I keep hearing voices,
but they'r
but they're
I keep hearing voices,
but they're ju
but they're jumb
I keep hearing voices,
but they're jumble
but they're jumbled.
W
Wol
but they're jumbled.
Wolf:
Wolf: S
but they're jumbled.
Wolf: Sir
Wolf: Sir.
C
Com
Wolf: Sir.
Come
Come in
Wolf: Sir.
Come in.
T
The
Come in.
They
They mo
Come in.
They move
They moved
Come in.
They moved th
They moved the
Come in.
They moved the en
They moved the engi
Come in.
They moved the engine
They moved the engine t
Come in.
They moved the engine to
They moved the engine to th
Come in.
They moved the engine to the
ot
othe
They moved the engine to the
other
other si
They moved the engine to the
other side
other side o
They moved the engine to the
other side of
other side of to
They moved the engine to the
other side of town
other side of town.
S
So
other side of town.
So th
So the
other side of town.
So the Ad
So the Admi
other side of town.
So the Admira
So the Admiral'
other side of town.
So the Admiral's
So the Admiral's co
other side of town.
So the Admiral's cont
So the Admiral's contin
other side of town.
So the Admiral's continge
So the Admiral's contingenc
other side of town.
So the Admiral's contingency
pl
plan
So the Admiral's contingency
plan i
plan is
So the Admiral's contingency
plan is nu
plan is null
So the Admiral's contingency
plan is null.
Hm
Hmm,
plan is null.
Hmm, i
Hmm, it
plan is null.
Hmm, it do
Hmm, it does
plan is null.
Hmm, it doesn'
Hmm, it doesn't
plan is null.
Hmm, it doesn't le
Hmm, it doesn't leav
plan is null.
Hmm, it doesn't leave
Hmm, it doesn't leave us
ma
many
Hmm, it doesn't leave us
many o
many opt
Hmm, it doesn't leave us
many optio
many options
Hmm, it doesn't leave us
many options.
W
We
many options.
We co
We coul
many options.
We could
We could st
many options.
We could stil
We could still
many options.
We could still go
We could still go s
many options.
We could still go ste
We could still go steal
many options.
We could still go stealth
We could still go stealth.
Us
Use
We could still go stealth.
Use th
Use the
We could still go stealth.
Use the gi
Use the girl
We could still go stealth.
Use the girl.
(O
(Omi
Use the girl.
(Omino
(Ominous
Use the girl.
(Ominous i
(Ominous ins
Use the girl.
(Ominous instr
(Ominous instrum
Use the girl.
(Ominous instrumen
(Ominous instrumenta
Use the girl.
(Ominous instrumental
(Ominous instrumental st
Use the girl.
(Ominous instrumental stin
(Ominous instrumental sting)
N
No.
(Ominous instrumental sting)
No. A
No. Ale
(Ominous instrumental sting)
No. Alex
No. Alex st
(Ominous instrumental sting)
No. Alex stay
No. Alex stays.
♪
Alex, we, we need you to drive.
W
Wha
What'
What's
What's go
What's goin
What's going
What's going on
What's going on?
Wh
Why
What's going on?
Why is
Why is s
What's going on?
Why is she
Why is she l
What's going on?
Why is she lea
Why is she leavi
What's going on?
Why is she leaving
Why is she leaving?
S
She
Why is she leaving?
She's
She's j
Why is she leaving?
She's jus
She's just
Why is she leaving?
She's just go
She's just goin
Why is she leaving?
She's just going
She's just going to
Why is she leaving?
She's just going to r
She's just going to ret
Why is she leaving?
She's just going to retri
She's just going to retriev
Why is she leaving?
She's just going to retrieve
Bi
Big
She's just going to retrieve
Big Al
Big Alic
She's just going to retrieve
Big Alice.
S
So
Big Alice.
So th
So that
Big Alice.
So that's
So that's i
Big Alice.
So that's it?
Yo
You'
So that's it?
You're
You're j
So that's it?
You're jus
You're just
So that's it?
You're just go
You're just goin
So that's it?
You're just going
You're just going in
So that's it?
You're just going in,
gu
guns
You're just going in,
guns b
guns bla
You're just going in,
guns blazi
guns blazing
You're just going in,
guns blazing.
I
I d
guns blazing.
I did
I didn'
guns blazing.
I didn't
I didn't ch
guns blazing.
I didn't choo
I didn't choose
guns blazing.
I didn't choose t
I didn't choose thi
guns blazing.
I didn't choose this,
al
all
I didn't choose this,
all ri
all righ
I didn't choose this,
all right?
all right? I
I didn't choose this,
all right? I d
all right? I did
I didn't choose this,
all right? I didn'
all right? I didn't
I didn't choose this,
all right? I didn't ch
all right? I didn't choo
I didn't choose this,
all right? I didn't choose
all right? I didn't choose i
I didn't choose this,
all right? I didn't choose it.
An
And
all right? I didn't choose it.
And it
And it w
all right? I didn't choose it.
And it was
And it was y
all right? I didn't choose it.
And it was you
And it was your
all right? I didn't choose it.
And it was your fr
And it was your frie
all right? I didn't choose it.
And it was your friend
And it was your friends
all right? I didn't choose it.
And it was your friends wh
And it was your friends who
all right? I didn't choose it.
And it was your friends who ma
And it was your friends who made
th
thin
And it was your friends who made
things
things m
And it was your friends who made
things mor
things more
And it was your friends who made
things more di
things more diff
And it was your friends who made
things more diffic
things more difficul
And it was your friends who made
things more difficult,
things more difficult, t
And it was your friends who made
things more difficult, the
things more difficult, they,
th
they
things more difficult, they,
they--
they-- T
things more difficult, they,
they-- The
they-- They
things more difficult, they,
they-- They mo
they-- They move
things more difficult, they,
they-- They moved
they-- They moved th
things more difficult, they,
they-- They moved the
they-- They moved the en
things more difficult, they,
they-- They moved the engi
they-- They moved the engine
things more difficult, they,
they-- They moved the engine.
B
Beh
they-- They moved the engine.
Behin
Behind
they-- They moved the engine.
Behind th
Behind the
they-- They moved the engine.
Behind the tr
Behind the trac
they-- They moved the engine.
Behind the track
Behind the track sw
they-- They moved the engine.
Behind the track swit
Behind the track switch
they-- They moved the engine.
Behind the track switch.
Do
Do y
Behind the track switch.
Do you
Do your
Behind the track switch.
Do your zo
Do your zoo
Behind the track switch.
Do your zoo an
Do your zoo anim
Behind the track switch.
Do your zoo animal
Do your zoo animals
Behind the track switch.
Do your zoo animals ev
Do your zoo animals even
Behind the track switch.
Do your zoo animals even k
Do your zoo animals even kno
Behind the track switch.
Do your zoo animals even know
ho
how
Do your zoo animals even know
how to
how to s
Do your zoo animals even know
how to swi
how to switc
Do your zoo animals even know
how to switch
how to switch th
Do your zoo animals even know
how to switch the
how to switch the tr
Do your zoo animals even know
how to switch the trac
how to switch the track?
Be
Beca
how to switch the track?
Becaus
Because
how to switch the track?
Because if
Because if t
how to switch the track?
Because if the
Because if they
how to switch the track?
Because if they do
Because if they don'
how to switch the track?
Because if they don't,
Because if they don't, t
how to switch the track?
Because if they don't, thi
Because if they don't, this
how to switch the track?
Because if they don't, this is
go
goin
Because if they don't, this is
going
going to
Because if they don't, this is
going to g
going to get
Because if they don't, this is
going to get v
going to get ver
Because if they don't, this is
going to get very
going to get very me
Because if they don't, this is
going to get very mess
going to get very messy.
T
The
going to get very messy.
They'
They've
going to get very messy.
They've g
They've giv
going to get very messy.
They've given
They've given m
going to get very messy.
They've given me
They've given me no
going to get very messy.
They've given me no o
They've given me no opt
going to get very messy.
They've given me no optio
They've given me no option.
S
Sen
They've given me no option.
Send
Send me
They've given me no option.
Send me,
Send me, th
They've given me no option.
Send me, then
Send me, then.
I'
I'll
Send me, then.
I'll g
I'll get
Send me, then.
I'll get i
I'll get in
Send me, then.
I'll get in th
I'll get in ther
Send me, then.
I'll get in there,
I'll get in there, I
Send me, then.
I'll get in there, I'l
I'll get in there, I'll
Send me, then.
I'll get in there, I'll ac
I'll get in there, I'll acti
Send me, then.
I'll get in there, I'll activa
I'll get in there, I'll activate
it
it,
I'll get in there, I'll activate
it, I'
it, I'll
I'll get in there, I'll activate
it, I'll t
it, I'll tak
I'll get in there, I'll activate
it, I'll take
it, I'll take Bi
I'll get in there, I'll activate
it, I'll take Big
it, I'll take Big Al
I'll get in there, I'll activate
it, I'll take Big Alic
it, I'll take Big Alice,
an
and
it, I'll take Big Alice,
and no
and nobo
it, I'll take Big Alice,
and nobody
and nobody w
it, I'll take Big Alice,
and nobody wil
and nobody will
it, I'll take Big Alice,
and nobody will ge
and nobody will get
it, I'll take Big Alice,
and nobody will get hu
and nobody will get hurt
it, I'll take Big Alice,
and nobody will get hurt.
Y
You
You c
You can
You can g
You can go.
Bu
But
You can go.
But th
But they
You can go.
But they g
But they go
You can go.
But they go wi
But they go with
You can go.
But they go with y
But they go with you
You can go.
But they go with you.
(Tense instrumental swell)
(W
(Wel
(Welde
(Welder
(Welder za
(Welder zapp
(Welder zappin
(Welder zapping)
H
Hey
Hey.
So
Some
Some p
Some peo
Some peopl
Some people
Some people ar
Some people are
Some people are he
Some people are head
Some people are headed
to
to T
Some people are headed
to Tow
to Town
Some people are headed
to Town Ha
to Town Hall
Some people are headed
to Town Hall i
to Town Hall in
Some people are headed
to Town Hall in a
to Town Hall in a bi
Some people are headed
to Town Hall in a bit.
On
One
to Town Hall in a bit.
One la
One last
to Town Hall in a bit.
One last r
One last rou
to Town Hall in a bit.
One last round
One last round b
to Town Hall in a bit.
One last round bef
One last round befor
to Town Hall in a bit.
One last round before
One last round before th
to Town Hall in a bit.
One last round before the
One last round before the wa
to Town Hall in a bit.
One last round before the war.
I
I se
One last round before the war.
I see
I see yo
One last round before the war.
I see you
I see you th
One last round before the war.
I see you ther
I see you there,
One last round before the war.
I see you there, o
I see you there, or
One last round before the war.
I see you there, or yo
I see you there, or you
One last round before the war.
I see you there, or you go
I see you there, or you gonn
One last round before the war.
I see you there, or you gonna
I see you there, or you gonna be
so
sold
I see you there, or you gonna be
solder
solderin
I see you there, or you gonna be
soldering
soldering al
I see you there, or you gonna be
soldering all
soldering all ni
I see you there, or you gonna be
soldering all nigh
soldering all night?
E
Eve
soldering all night?
Every
Every w
soldering all night?
Every wea
Every weapo
soldering all night?
Every weapon
Every weapon co
soldering all night?
Every weapon coun
Every weapon counts
soldering all night?
Every weapon counts.
N
Nev
Every weapon counts.
Never
Never h
Every weapon counts.
Never had
Never had w
Every weapon counts.
Never had wea
Never had weapo
Every weapon counts.
Never had weapons
Never had weapons t
Every weapon counts.
Never had weapons thi
Never had weapons this
Every weapon counts.
Never had weapons this go
Never had weapons this good
in
in t
Never had weapons this good
in the
in the t
Never had weapons this good
in the tai
in the tail.
Ni
Nice
in the tail.
Nice w
Nice wor
in the tail.
Nice work.
T
Tha
Nice work.
Thank
Thanks.
We
Well
Thanks.
Well,
Well, yo
Thanks.
Well, you
Well, you gu
Thanks.
Well, you guys
Well, you guys g
Thanks.
Well, you guys got
Well, you guys got o
Thanks.
Well, you guys got ope
Well, you guys got open
Thanks.
Well, you guys got open sk
Well, you guys got open skie
Thanks.
Well, you guys got open skies
in
in N
Well, you guys got open skies
in New
in New E
Well, you guys got open skies
in New Ede
in New Eden,
Well, you guys got open skies
in New Eden, a
in New Eden, and
Well, you guys got open skies
in New Eden, and I
in New Eden, and I,
Well, you guys got open skies
in New Eden, and I, uh
in New Eden, and I, uh,
I
I go
in New Eden, and I, uh,
I got
I got a
in New Eden, and I, uh,
I got a de
I got a degr
in New Eden, and I, uh,
I got a degree
I got a degree i
in New Eden, and I, uh,
I got a degree in
I got a degree in me
in New Eden, and I, uh,
I got a degree in meta
I got a degree in metalw
in New Eden, and I, uh,
I got a degree in metalwor
I got a degree in metalwork.
I
I'm
I got a degree in metalwork.
I'm g
I'm gla
I got a degree in metalwork.
I'm glad
I'm glad yo
I got a degree in metalwork.
I'm glad you
I'm glad you fi
I got a degree in metalwork.
I'm glad you fina
I'm glad you finall
I got a degree in metalwork.
I'm glad you finally
I'm glad you finally ma
I got a degree in metalwork.
I'm glad you finally made
I'm glad you finally made i
I got a degree in metalwork.
I'm glad you finally made it
he
here
I'm glad you finally made it
here.
here. Is
I'm glad you finally made it
here. Is i
here. Is it
I'm glad you finally made it
here. Is it ev
here. Is it ever
I'm glad you finally made it
here. Is it everyt
here. Is it everythi
I'm glad you finally made it
here. Is it everything
yo
you
here. Is it everything
you dr
you drea
here. Is it everything
you dreame
you dreamed
here. Is it everything
you dreamed of
you dreamed of?
T
Til
you dreamed of?
Till:
Till: T
you dreamed of?
Till: To
Till: To be
you dreamed of?
Till: To be h
Till: To be hon
you dreamed of?
Till: To be hones
Till: To be honest,
I
I di
Till: To be honest,
I didn
I didn't
Till: To be honest,
I didn't r
I didn't rea
Till: To be honest,
I didn't reall
I didn't really
Till: To be honest,
I didn't really se
I didn't really see
Till: To be honest,
I didn't really see mu
I didn't really see much
Till: To be honest,
I didn't really see much.
Ju
Just
I didn't really see much.
Just..
Just...b
I didn't really see much.
Just...bet
Just...betwe
I didn't really see much.
Just...between
Just...between A
I didn't really see much.
Just...between Aud
Just...between Audre
I didn't really see much.
Just...between Audrey
Just...between Audrey an
I didn't really see much.
Just...between Audrey and
Just...between Audrey and th
I didn't really see much.
Just...between Audrey and this
Just...between Audrey and this.
(S
(Som
Just...between Audrey and this.
(Sombr
(Sombre
Just...between Audrey and this.
(Sombre in
(Sombre inst
Just...between Audrey and this.
(Sombre instru
(Sombre instrume
Just...between Audrey and this.
(Sombre instrument
(Sombre instrumental
Just...between Audrey and this.
(Sombre instrumental s
(Sombre instrumental swe
Just...between Audrey and this.
(Sombre instrumental swell
(Sombre instrumental swell)
Yo
You
(Sombre instrumental swell)
You kn
You know
(Sombre instrumental swell)
You know,
You know, um
(Sombre instrumental swell)
You know, um..
You know, um...
..
..be
You know, um...
..bein
..being
You know, um...
..being he
..being here
You know, um...
..being here w
..being here wit
You know, um...
..being here with
..being here with he
You know, um...
..being here with her
is
is a
..being here with her
is all
is all I
..being here with her
is all I r
is all I rea
..being here with her
is all I reall
is all I really
..being here with her
is all I really wa
is all I really want
..being here with her
is all I really wanted
is all I really wanted.
No
Now,
is all I really wanted.
Now, I
Now, I d
is all I really wanted.
Now, I don
Now, I don't
is all I really wanted.
Now, I don't,
Now, I don't, I
is all I really wanted.
Now, I don't, I do
Now, I don't, I don'
is all I really wanted.
Now, I don't, I don't
Now, I don't, I don't kn
is all I really wanted.
Now, I don't, I don't know
Now, I don't, I don't know,
um
um..
Now, I don't, I don't know,
um...
..
..so
um...
..some
..someth
um...
..somethin
..something'
um...
..something's
..something's of
um...
..something's off.
I
It'
..something's off.
It's
It's pr
..something's off.
It's prob
It's probab
..something's off.
It's probably
It's probably o
..something's off.
It's probably our
im
impe
It's probably our
impend
impendin
It's probably our
impending
impending do
It's probably our
impending doom
impending doom.
(S
(She
impending doom.
(She c
(She chu
impending doom.
(She chuck
(She chuckle
impending doom.
(She chuckles)
N
No,
(She chuckles)
No, t
No, tha
(She chuckles)
No, that,
No, that, u
(She chuckles)
No, that, uh,
No, that, uh, t
(She chuckles)
No, that, uh, tha
No, that, uh, that-
(She chuckles)
No, that, uh, that--
Th
That
No, that, uh, that--
That f
That fee
No, that, uh, that--
That feels
That feels s
No, that, uh, that--
That feels sur
That feels surpr
No, that, uh, that--
That feels surpris
That feels surprisin
No, that, uh, that--
That feels surprisingl
That feels surprisingly
No, that, uh, that--
That feels surprisingly no
That feels surprisingly norm
No, that, uh, that--
That feels surprisingly normal
That feels surprisingly normal.
R
Rig
That feels surprisingly normal.
Right
Right.
(S
(She
Right.
(She c
(She chu
Right.
(She chuck
(She chuckle
Right.
(She chuckles
(She chuckles ag
Right.
(She chuckles agai
(She chuckles again)
L
Loo
(She chuckles again)
Look,
Look, y
(She chuckles again)
Look, you
Look, you o
(She chuckles again)
Look, you onl
Look, you only
(She chuckles again)
Look, you only go
Look, you only got
(She chuckles again)
Look, you only got a
Look, you only got a ha
(She chuckles again)
Look, you only got a hand
Look, you only got a handfu
(She chuckles again)
Look, you only got a handful
of
of h
Look, you only got a handful
of hou
of hours
Look, you only got a handful
of hours l
of hours lef
Look, you only got a handful
of hours left.
Yo
You
of hours left.
You tw
You two
of hours left.
You two sh
You two shou
of hours left.
You two should
You two should g
of hours left.
You two should get
You two should get o
of hours left.
You two should get out
You two should get out,
ta
take
You two should get out,
take a
take a w
You two should get out,
take a wal
take a walk
You two should get out,
take a walk th
take a walk thro
You two should get out,
take a walk throug
take a walk through
You two should get out,
take a walk through th
take a walk through the
You two should get out,
take a walk through the to
take a walk through the town
You two should get out,
take a walk through the town.
Mi
Migh
take a walk through the town.
Might
Might no
take a walk through the town.
Might not
Might not be
take a walk through the town.
Might not be h
Might not be her
take a walk through the town.
Might not be here
Might not be here to
take a walk through the town.
Might not be here tomo
Might not be here tomorr
take a walk through the town.
Might not be here tomorrow
Might not be here tomorrow.
♪
T
The
There
There y
There you
There you a
There you are
There you are.
Th
The
There you are.
The po
The powe
There you are.
The power
The power le
There you are.
The power leve
The power levels
ar
are
The power levels
are ba
are back
The power levels
are back t
are back to
The power levels
are back to no
are back to norm
The power levels
are back to normal
are back to normal.
♪
Are you okay?
S
She
She r
She rem
She remin
She reminds
She reminds m
She reminds me
She reminds me of
She reminds me of B
She reminds me of Ben
She reminds me of Ben,
yo
you
She reminds me of Ben,
you kn
you know
She reminds me of Ben,
you know?
He
He u
you know?
He use
He used
you know?
He used to
He used to m
you know?
He used to moc
He used to mock
you know?
He used to mock me
He used to mock me f
you know?
He used to mock me for
He used to mock me for i
you know?
He used to mock me for it,
sa
said
He used to mock me for it,
said i
said it
He used to mock me for it,
said it wa
said it was
He used to mock me for it,
said it was go
said it was goof
He used to mock me for it,
said it was goofy.
An
And
said it was goofy.
And I
And I kn
said it was goofy.
And I know
And I know h
said it was goofy.
And I know he
And I know he se
said it was goofy.
And I know he secr
And I know he secret
said it was goofy.
And I know he secretly
And I know he secretly l
said it was goofy.
And I know he secretly lov
And I know he secretly loved
said it was goofy.
And I know he secretly loved i
And I know he secretly loved it.
Wh
What
What i
What if
What if sw
What if swit
What if switch
What if switchin
What if switching
What if switching th
What if switching the
What if switching the tr
What if switching the trac
What if switching the tracks
wa
was
What if switching the tracks
was no
was not
What if switching the tracks
was not en
was not enou
What if switching the tracks
was not enough
was not enough?
Th
The
was not enough?
The bo
The bomb
was not enough?
The bombs
The bombs ar
was not enough?
The bombs are
The bombs are st
was not enough?
The bombs are stil
The bombs are still
was not enough?
The bombs are still ou
The bombs are still out
was not enough?
The bombs are still out th
The bombs are still out ther
was not enough?
The bombs are still out there.
Th
They
The bombs are still out there.
They s
They som
The bombs are still out there.
They someh
They somehow
The bombs are still out there.
They somehow m
They somehow man
The bombs are still out there.
They somehow manag
They somehow manage
The bombs are still out there.
They somehow manage to
They somehow manage to g
The bombs are still out there.
They somehow manage to get
They somehow manage to get a
ho
hold
They somehow manage to get a
hold o
hold of
They somehow manage to get a
hold of Bi
hold of Big
They somehow manage to get a
hold of Big Al
hold of Big Alic
They somehow manage to get a
hold of Big Alice,
th
they
hold of Big Alice,
they c
they cou
hold of Big Alice,
they could
they could b
hold of Big Alice,
they could bur
they could bury
hold of Big Alice,
they could bury us
they could bury us a
hold of Big Alice,
they could bury us all
they could bury us all.
S
Syk
they could bury us all.
Sykes
Sykes:
they could bury us all.
Sykes: Ja
Sykes: Javi
they could bury us all.
Sykes: Javi..
Sykes: Javi...
I
If
Sykes: Javi...
If I
If I do
Sykes: Javi...
If I don'
If I don't
Sykes: Javi...
If I don't sa
If I don't save
Sykes: Javi...
If I don't save t
If I don't save thi
Sykes: Javi...
If I don't save this
If I don't save this to
Sykes: Javi...
If I don't save this town
If I don't save this town..
Sykes: Javi...
If I don't save this town...
..
..th
If I don't save this town...
..then
..then B
If I don't save this town...
..then Ben
..then Ben d
If I don't save this town...
..then Ben die
..then Ben died
If I don't save this town...
..then Ben died fo
..then Ben died for
If I don't save this town...
..then Ben died for no
..then Ben died for noth
If I don't save this town...
..then Ben died for nothin
..then Ben died for nothing.
W
Wha
..then Ben died for nothing.
What
What mo
..then Ben died for nothing.
What more
What more c
..then Ben died for nothing.
What more can
What more can y
..then Ben died for nothing.
What more can you
What more can you d
..then Ben died for nothing.
What more can you do?
Th
The
What more can you do?
The la
The last
What more can you do?
The last t
The last tim
What more can you do?
The last time
The last time yo
What more can you do?
The last time you
The last time you tr
What more can you do?
The last time you trie
The last time you tried
What more can you do?
The last time you tried to
di
disa
The last time you tried to
disarm
disarm o
The last time you tried to
disarm one
disarm one o
The last time you tried to
disarm one of
disarm one of th
The last time you tried to
disarm one of thos
disarm one of those
The last time you tried to
disarm one of those bo
disarm one of those bomb
The last time you tried to
disarm one of those bombs,
yo
you
disarm one of those bombs,
you al
you almo
disarm one of those bombs,
you almost
you almost d
disarm one of those bombs,
you almost die
you almost died.
W
Wha
you almost died.
What
What di
you almost died.
What did
What did Li
you almost died.
What did Ligh
What did Lights
you almost died.
What did Lights d
What did Lights do
you almost died.
What did Lights do wi
What did Lights do with
you almost died.
What did Lights do with t
What did Lights do with the
fr
frag
What did Lights do with the
fragme
fragment
What did Lights do with the
fragments
fragments fr
What did Lights do with the
fragments from
fragments from e
What did Lights do with the
fragments from ear
fragments from earli
What did Lights do with the
fragments from earlier
fragments from earlier?
Ar
Are
fragments from earlier?
Are th
Are they
fragments from earlier?
Are they s
Are they sti
fragments from earlier?
Are they still
Are they still a
fragments from earlier?
Are they still at
Are they still at th
fragments from earlier?
Are they still at the
de
deto
Are they still at the
detona
detonati
Are they still at the
detonation
detonation s
Are they still at the
detonation sit
detonation site?
Y
Yea
detonation site?
Yeah,
Yeah, w
detonation site?
Yeah, why
Yeah, why?
B
Bec
Yeah, why?
Becau
Because
Yeah, why?
Because w
Because we
Yeah, why?
Because we do
Because we don'
Yeah, why?
Because we don't
Because we don't ha
Yeah, why?
Because we don't have
Because we don't have t
Yeah, why?
Because we don't have tim
Because we don't have time
to
to d
Because we don't have time
to dis
to disar
Because we don't have time
to disarm
to disarm al
Because we don't have time
to disarm all
to disarm all th
Because we don't have time
to disarm all the
to disarm all the bo
Because we don't have time
to disarm all the bomb
to disarm all the bombs.
Because we don't have time
to disarm all the bombs...
..
..bu
to disarm all the bombs...
..but
..but if
to disarm all the bombs...
..but if I
..but if I f
to disarm all the bombs...
..but if I fig
..but if I figur
to disarm all the bombs...
..but if I figure
..but if I figure ou
to disarm all the bombs...
..but if I figure out
..but if I figure out wh
to disarm all the bombs...
..but if I figure out what
fr
freq
..but if I figure out what
freque
frequenc
..but if I figure out what
frequency
frequency th
..but if I figure out what
frequency thei
frequency their
..but if I figure out what
frequency their re
frequency their rece
..but if I figure out what
frequency their receiv
frequency their receiver
..but if I figure out what
frequency their receivers
ar
are
frequency their receivers
are on
are on,
frequency their receivers
are on, we
are on, we m
frequency their receivers
are on, we mig
are on, we might
frequency their receivers
are on, we might n
are on, we might not
frequency their receivers
are on, we might not h
are on, we might not hav
frequency their receivers
are on, we might not have
are on, we might not have to
frequency their receivers
are on, we might not have to.
(S
(Som
are on, we might not have to.
(Sombr
(Sombre
are on, we might not have to.
(Sombre in
(Sombre inst
are on, we might not have to.
(Sombre instru
(Sombre instrume
are on, we might not have to.
(Sombre instrument
(Sombre instrumental
are on, we might not have to.
(Sombre instrumental r
(Sombre instrumental ris
are on, we might not have to.
(Sombre instrumental rise)
(S
(Spe
(Sombre instrumental rise)
(Speak
(Speaks
(Sombre instrumental rise)
(Speaks in
(Speaks in o
(Sombre instrumental rise)
(Speaks in oth
(Speaks in other
(Sombre instrumental rise)
(Speaks in other l
(Speaks in other lan
(Sombre instrumental rise)
(Speaks in other langu
(Speaks in other languag
(Sombre instrumental rise)
(Speaks in other language)
I
It'
It's.
It's...
It's...it
It's...it's
It's...it's m
It's...it's muc
It's...it's much
It's...it's much co
It's...it's much cold
It's...it's much colder
th
than
It's...it's much colder
than I
than I t
It's...it's much colder
than I tho
than I thoug
It's...it's much colder
than I thought
than I thought i
It's...it's much colder
than I thought it'
than I thought it'd
It's...it's much colder
than I thought it'd be
than I thought it'd be.
T
Til
than I thought it'd be.
Till:
Till: W
than I thought it'd be.
Till: We'
Till: We'll
than I thought it'd be.
Till: We'll g
Till: We'll get
than I thought it'd be.
Till: We'll get u
Till: We'll get use
than I thought it'd be.
Till: We'll get used
Till: We'll get used to
than I thought it'd be.
Till: We'll get used to i
Till: We'll get used to it.
(Footsteps crunching)
We
We'l
We'll
We'll ha
We'll have
We'll have a
We'll have a p
We'll have a pla
We'll have a place
We'll have a place u
We'll have a place up
in
in t
We'll have a place up
in the
in the h
We'll have a place up
in the hil
in the hills
We'll have a place up
in the hills.
in the hills. An
We'll have a place up
in the hills. And,
in the hills. And, u
We'll have a place up
in the hills. And, um.
in the hills. And, um...
..
..an
in the hills. And, um...
..and
..and ev
in the hills. And, um...
..and ever
..and everyd
in the hills. And, um...
..and everyday
..and everyday,
in the hills. And, um...
..and everyday, we
..and everyday, we'l
in the hills. And, um...
..and everyday, we'll
..and everyday, we'll co
in the hills. And, um...
..and everyday, we'll come
..and everyday, we'll come d
in the hills. And, um...
..and everyday, we'll come dow
..and everyday, we'll come down
he
here
..and everyday, we'll come down
here,
here, I'
..and everyday, we'll come down
here, I'll
here, I'll g
..and everyday, we'll come down
here, I'll giv
here, I'll give
..and everyday, we'll come down
here, I'll give yo
here, I'll give you
..and everyday, we'll come down
here, I'll give you a
here, I'll give you a ki
..and everyday, we'll come down
here, I'll give you a kiss
here, I'll give you a kiss o
..and everyday, we'll come down
here, I'll give you a kiss on
th
the
here, I'll give you a kiss on
the ch
the chec
here, I'll give you a kiss on
the check,
the check, a
here, I'll give you a kiss on
the check, and
the check, and,
here, I'll give you a kiss on
the check, and, um
the check, and, um,
here, I'll give you a kiss on
the check, and, um, an
the check, and, um, and
here, I'll give you a kiss on
the check, and, um, and I'
the check, and, um, and I'd
here, I'll give you a kiss on
the check, and, um, and I'd go
to
to w
the check, and, um, and I'd go
to wor
to work
the check, and, um, and I'd go
to work in
to work in t
the check, and, um, and I'd go
to work in the
to work in the m
the check, and, um, and I'd go
to work in the met
to work in the metal
the check, and, um, and I'd go
to work in the metal s
to work in the metal sho
the check, and, um, and I'd go
to work in the metal shop.
An
And.
to work in the metal shop.
And...
A
Aud
And...
Audre
Audrey:
And...
Audrey: Y
Audrey: Yea
And...
Audrey: Yeah?
Wh
What
Audrey: Yeah?
What d
What do
Audrey: Yeah?
What do I
What do I do
Audrey: Yeah?
What do I do w
What do I do whi
Audrey: Yeah?
What do I do while
yo
you'
What do I do while
you're
you're w
What do I do while
you're wel
you're weldi
What do I do while
you're welding
you're welding a
What do I do while
you're welding all
you're welding all d
What do I do while
you're welding all day
you're welding all day?
H
Hmm
you're welding all day?
Hmm.
Hmm. Yo
you're welding all day?
Hmm. You'
Hmm. You'll
you're welding all day?
Hmm. You'll s
Hmm. You'll sin
you're welding all day?
Hmm. You'll sing
Hmm. You'll sing in
To
Town
Hmm. You'll sing in
Town H
Town Hal
Hmm. You'll sing in
Town Hall.
Town Hall. Y
Hmm. You'll sing in
Town Hall. You
Town Hall. You'l
Hmm. You'll sing in
Town Hall. You'll
Town Hall. You'll he
Hmm. You'll sing in
Town Hall. You'll help
Town Hall. You'll help p
Hmm. You'll sing in
Town Hall. You'll help peo
Town Hall. You'll help peopl
Hmm. You'll sing in
Town Hall. You'll help people.
I
I c
Town Hall. You'll help people.
I can
I can't
Town Hall. You'll help people.
I can't.
Y
You
I can't.
You c
You can
I can't.
You can.
Ev
Ever
You can.
Everyt
Everythi
You can.
Everything
Everything y
You can.
Everything you
Everything you d
You can.
Everything you did
on
on t
Everything you did
on the
on the t
Everything you did
on the tra
on the train
Everything you did
on the train..
on the train...
..
..yo
on the train...
..you
..you ca
on the train...
..you can
..you can do
on the train...
..you can do h
..you can do her
on the train...
..you can do here.
(Footsteps crunching)
Lo
Look
Look,
Look, um
Look, um,
Look, um, I'
Look, um, I've
Look, um, I've n
Look, um, I've nev
Look, um, I've never
Look, um, I've never b
Look, um, I've never bee
Look, um, I've never been
Look, um, I've never been a
ho
hope
Look, um, I've never been a
hopefu
hopeful
Look, um, I've never been a
hopeful pe
hopeful pers
Look, um, I've never been a
hopeful person
hopeful person a
Look, um, I've never been a
hopeful person and
hopeful person and t
Look, um, I've never been a
hopeful person and thi
hopeful person and thing
Look, um, I've never been a
hopeful person and things
hopeful person and things do
Look, um, I've never been a
hopeful person and things don'
hopeful person and things don't
te
tend
hopeful person and things don't
tend t
tend to
hopeful person and things don't
tend to go
tend to go m
hopeful person and things don't
tend to go my
tend to go my wa
hopeful person and things don't
tend to go my way,
tend to go my way, b
hopeful person and things don't
tend to go my way, but
tend to go my way, but,
hopeful person and things don't
tend to go my way, but, um
tend to go my way, but, um..
hopeful person and things don't
tend to go my way, but, um...
..
..bu
tend to go my way, but, um...
..but
..but yo
tend to go my way, but, um...
..but you,
..but you, u
tend to go my way, but, um...
..but you, uh.
..but you, uh...
..
..yo
..but you, uh...
..you
..you ta
..but you, uh...
..you taug
..you taught
..but you, uh...
..you taught m
..you taught me
an
anyt
..you taught me
anythi
anything
..you taught me
anything i
anything is
..you taught me
anything is po
anything is poss
..you taught me
anything is possib
anything is possible
..you taught me
anything is possible.
So
So,
anything is possible.
So, um
So, um,
anything is possible.
So, um, I
So, um, I do
anything is possible.
So, um, I don'
So, um, I don't,
anything is possible.
So, um, I don't, I
So, um, I don't, I d
anything is possible.
So, um, I don't, I don
So, um, I don't, I don't
anything is possible.
So, um, I don't, I don't g
So, um, I don't, I don't giv
anything is possible.
So, um, I don't, I don't give
a
a sh
So, um, I don't, I don't give
a shit
a shit h
So, um, I don't, I don't give
a shit how
a shit how b
So, um, I don't, I don't give
a shit how bad
a shit how bad i
So, um, I don't, I don't give
a shit how bad it
a shit how bad it ge
So, um, I don't, I don't give
a shit how bad it gets
a shit how bad it gets,
or
or h
a shit how bad it gets,
or how
or how h
a shit how bad it gets,
or how har
or how hard
a shit how bad it gets,
or how hard it
or how hard it i
a shit how bad it gets,
or how hard it is.
or how hard it is. '
a shit how bad it gets,
or how hard it is. 'Ca
or how hard it is. 'Caus
a shit how bad it gets,
or how hard it is. 'Cause.
or how hard it is. 'Cause...
..
..we
or how hard it is. 'Cause...
..we'r
..we're
or how hard it is. 'Cause...
..we're go
..we're gonn
or how hard it is. 'Cause...
..we're gonna
..we're gonna ma
or how hard it is. 'Cause...
..we're gonna make
..we're gonna make i
or how hard it is. 'Cause...
..we're gonna make it.
I
I kn
..we're gonna make it.
I know
I know i
..we're gonna make it.
I know it,
I know it, s
..we're gonna make it.
I know it, so.
A
Aud
I know it, so.
Audre
Audrey:
I know it, so.
Audrey: I
Audrey: I s
I know it, so.
Audrey: I sho
Audrey: I shoul
I know it, so.
Audrey: I should'
Audrey: I should've
I know it, so.
Audrey: I should've c
Audrey: I should've com
I know it, so.
Audrey: I should've come
Audrey: I should've come wi
I know it, so.
Audrey: I should've come with
yo
you.
Audrey: I should've come with
you. W
you. Whe
Audrey: I should've come with
you. When
you. When th
Audrey: I should've come with
you. When the
you. When the tr
Audrey: I should've come with
you. When the trai
you. When the trains
Audrey: I should've come with
you. When the trains s
you. When the trains spl
Audrey: I should've come with
you. When the trains split
you. When the trains split,
I
I sh
you. When the trains split,
I shou
I should
you. When the trains split,
I should h
I should hav
you. When the trains split,
I should have
I should have co
you. When the trains split,
I should have come
I should have come w
you. When the trains split,
I should have come wit
I should have come with
you. When the trains split,
I should have come with yo
I should have come with you.
M
Mm-
I should have come with you.
Mm-hm
Mm-hmm.
Ye
Yeah
Mm-hmm.
Yeah,
Yeah, bu
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, but,
Yeah, but, u
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, but, um.
Yeah, but, um...
..
..we
Yeah, but, um...
..we'r
..we're
Yeah, but, um...
..we're he
..we're here
Yeah, but, um...
..we're here n
..we're here now
Yeah, but, um...
..we're here now.
Th
That
..we're here now.
That's
That's a
..we're here now.
That's all
That's all t
..we're here now.
That's all tha
That's all that
..we're here now.
That's all that ma
That's all that matt
..we're here now.
That's all that matter
That's all that matters.
(Light instrumental swell)
(D
(Doo
(Door
(Door sl
(Door slid
(Door slides
(Door slides)
(Liana cooing)
M
Mil
Miles
Miles i
Miles is
Miles is go
Miles is gonn
Miles is gonna
Miles is gonna wa
Miles is gonna watc
Miles is gonna watch
Miles is gonna watch he
Miles is gonna watch her
't
'til
Miles is gonna watch her
'till
'till th
Miles is gonna watch her
'till the
'till the mo
Miles is gonna watch her
'till the morn
'till the mornin
Miles is gonna watch her
'till the morning.
A
Are
'till the morning.
Are y
Are you
'till the morning.
Are you c
Are you com
'till the morning.
Are you comin
Are you comin'
to
to t
Are you comin'
to the
to the T
Are you comin'
to the Tow
to the Town
Are you comin'
to the Town Ha
to the Town Hall
Are you comin'
to the Town Hall?
N
No,
to the Town Hall?
No, I
No, I'm
to the Town Hall?
No, I'm,
No, I'm, uh
to the Town Hall?
No, I'm, uh,
go
goin
No, I'm, uh,
going
going to
No, I'm, uh,
going to J
going to Jav
No, I'm, uh,
going to Javi'
going to Javi's
No, I'm, uh,
going to Javi's wo
going to Javi's work
No, I'm, uh,
going to Javi's worksh
going to Javi's workshop
No, I'm, uh,
going to Javi's workshop.
An
And
going to Javi's workshop.
And I
And I ca
going to Javi's workshop.
And I can'
And I can't
going to Javi's workshop.
And I can't le
And I can't leav
going to Javi's workshop.
And I can't leave
And I can't leave th
going to Javi's workshop.
And I can't leave that
And I can't leave that t
going to Javi's workshop.
And I can't leave that tra
And I can't leave that track
sw
swit
And I can't leave that track
switch
switch u
And I can't leave that track
switch ung
switch ungua
And I can't leave that track
switch unguard
switch unguarded
And I can't leave that track
switch unguarded a
switch unguarded all
And I can't leave that track
switch unguarded all n
switch unguarded all nig
And I can't leave that track
switch unguarded all night
switch unguarded all night,
ca
can
switch unguarded all night,
can I?
Y
You
can I?
You w
You wan
can I?
You want
You want me
can I?
You want me t
You want me to
can I?
You want me to co
You want me to come
can I?
You want me to come w
You want me to come wit
can I?
You want me to come with
You want me to come with yo
can I?
You want me to come with you?
N
No,
You want me to come with you?
No, n
No, no.
I'
I'll
No, no.
I'll b
I'll be
No, no.
I'll be al
I'll be alri
No, no.
I'll be alrigh
I'll be alright.
Yo
You
I'll be alright.
You sh
You shou
I'll be alright.
You should
You should g
I'll be alright.
You should go
You should go an
I'll be alright.
You should go and
You should go and se
I'll be alright.
You should go and see
You should go and see th
I'll be alright.
You should go and see them
You should go and see them,
he
help
You should go and see them,
help r
help ral
You should go and see them,
help rally
help rally t
You should go and see them,
help rally the
help rally their
You should go and see them,
help rally their s
help rally their spi
You should go and see them,
help rally their spiri
help rally their spirits
You should go and see them,
help rally their spirits.
No
Not
Not re
Not real
Not really
Not really i
Not really in
Not really in a
Not really in a ra
Not really in a rall
Not really in a rallyi
Not really in a rallying
Not really in a rallying m
Not really in a rallying moo
Not really in a rallying mood,
if
if I
Not really in a rallying mood,
if I'm
if I'm b
Not really in a rallying mood,
if I'm bei
if I'm being
Not really in a rallying mood,
if I'm being h
if I'm being hon
Not really in a rallying mood,
if I'm being hones
if I'm being honest.
J
Jos
if I'm being honest.
Josie
Josie:
if I'm being honest.
Josie: Wh
Josie: What
if I'm being honest.
Josie: What d
Josie: What did
if I'm being honest.
Josie: What did P
Josie: What did Pel
if I'm being honest.
Josie: What did Pelto
Josie: What did Pelton
sa
say
Josie: What did Pelton
say ab
say abou
Josie: What did Pelton
say about
say about yo
Josie: What did Pelton
say about your
say about your h
Josie: What did Pelton
say about your hea
say about your heart
Josie: What did Pelton
say about your heart?
L
Lay
say about your heart?
Layto
Layton:
say about your heart?
Layton: S
Layton: Sti
say about your heart?
Layton: Still
Layton: Still t
say about your heart?
Layton: Still tic
Layton: Still ticki
say about your heart?
Layton: Still tickin'
Layton: Still tickin'.
♪
Y
You
You k
You kno
You know
You know th
You know the
You know the fi
You know the figh
You know the fighti
You know the fighting
You know the fighting's
go
gonn
You know the fighting's
gonna
gonna be
You know the fighting's
gonna be b
gonna be bru
You know the fighting's
gonna be bruta
gonna be brutal.
I
I d
gonna be brutal.
I don
I don't
gonna be brutal.
I don't r
I don't rea
gonna be brutal.
I don't reall
I don't really
gonna be brutal.
I don't really ha
I don't really have
gonna be brutal.
I don't really have a
I don't really have a c
gonna be brutal.
I don't really have a cho
I don't really have a choic
gonna be brutal.
I don't really have a choice.
To
Town
I don't really have a choice.
Town s
Town sho
I don't really have a choice.
Town showe
Town showed
I don't really have a choice.
Town showed up
Town showed up f
I don't really have a choice.
Town showed up for
Town showed up for m
I don't really have a choice.
Town showed up for me
Town showed up for me wh
I don't really have a choice.
Town showed up for me when
Town showed up for me when I
ne
need
Town showed up for me when I
needed
needed t
Town showed up for me when I
needed the
needed them
Town showed up for me when I
needed them mo
needed them most
Town showed up for me when I
needed them most,
needed them most, an
Town showed up for me when I
needed them most, and
needed them most, and no
Town showed up for me when I
needed them most, and now
needed them most, and now I
Town showed up for me when I
needed them most, and now I ne
needed them most, and now I need
to
to s
needed them most, and now I need
to sho
to show
needed them most, and now I need
to show up
to show up f
needed them most, and now I need
to show up for
to show up for t
needed them most, and now I need
to show up for the
to show up for them.
I owe them everything.
(Mixed clamour)
N
No
No Jo
No Josi
No Josie?
S
She
No Josie?
She w
She wan
No Josie?
She wante
She wanted
No Josie?
She wanted to
She wanted to b
No Josie?
She wanted to be
She wanted to be al
No Josie?
She wanted to be alon
She wanted to be alone.
T
The
The,
The, uh
The, uh,
The, uh, mo
The, uh, mood
The, uh, mood s
The, uh, mood see
The, uh, mood seems
a
a bi
The, uh, mood seems
a bit
a bit do
The, uh, mood seems
a bit dour
a bit dour i
The, uh, mood seems
a bit dour in
a bit dour in he
The, uh, mood seems
a bit dour in here
a bit dour in here.
M
Mmm
a bit dour in here.
Mmm.
T
The
Mmm.
The g
The guy
Mmm.
The guy s
The guy sho
Mmm.
The guy shoul
The guy should
Mmm.
The guy should sa
The guy should say
Mmm.
The guy should say so
The guy should say some
Mmm.
The guy should say someth
The guy should say somethin
Mmm.
The guy should say something.
C'
C'mo
The guy should say something.
C'mon,
C'mon, b
The guy should say something.
C'mon, be
C'mon, be a
The guy should say something.
C'mon, be a le
C'mon, be a lead
The guy should say something.
C'mon, be a leader
C'mon, be a leader,
in
insp
C'mon, be a leader,
inspir
inspire
C'mon, be a leader,
inspire th
inspire the
C'mon, be a leader,
inspire the tr
inspire the troo
C'mon, be a leader,
inspire the troops
inspire the troops,
C'mon, be a leader,
inspire the troops, ma
inspire the troops, man.
Y
You
inspire the troops, man.
You k
You kno
inspire the troops, man.
You know
You know wh
inspire the troops, man.
You know what
You know what?
Th
That
You know what?
That's
That's a
You know what?
That's a g
That's a gre
You know what?
That's a great
That's a great i
You know what?
That's a great ide
That's a great idea,
You know what?
That's a great idea, m
That's a great idea, my
You know what?
That's a great idea, my fr
That's a great idea, my frie
You know what?
That's a great idea, my friend
That's a great idea, my friend.
Ab
Abso
That's a great idea, my friend.
Absolu
Absolute
That's a great idea, my friend.
Absolutely
Absolutely r
That's a great idea, my friend.
Absolutely rig
Absolutely right
That's a great idea, my friend.
Absolutely right.
Ev
Ever
Absolutely right.
Everyo
Everyone
Absolutely right.
Everyone.
Wh
Who
Everyone.
Who wo
Who woul
Everyone.
Who would
Who would li
Everyone.
Who would like
Who would like t
Everyone.
Who would like to
Who would like to he
Everyone.
Who would like to hear
Who would like to hear M
Everyone.
Who would like to hear Mr.
Who would like to hear Mr. R
Everyone.
Who would like to hear Mr. Roc
Who would like to hear Mr. Roche
re
rega
Who would like to hear Mr. Roche
regale
regale u
Who would like to hear Mr. Roche
regale us
regale us al
Who would like to hear Mr. Roche
regale us all
regale us all wi
Who would like to hear Mr. Roche
regale us all with
regale us all with t
Who would like to hear Mr. Roche
regale us all with the
regale us all with the t
Who would like to hear Mr. Roche
regale us all with the tal
regale us all with the tales
of
of h
regale us all with the tales
of his
of his s
regale us all with the tales
of his sur
of his survi
regale us all with the tales
of his surviva
of his survival?
(C
(Che
of his survival?
(Cheer
(Cheerin
of his survival?
(Cheering)
W
Wom
(Cheering)
Woman
Woman:
(Cheering)
Woman: Le
Woman: Let'
(Cheering)
Woman: Let's
Woman: Let's he
(Cheering)
Woman: Let's hear
Woman: Let's hear i
(Cheering)
Woman: Let's hear it.
C
Com
Woman: Let's hear it.
Come
Come on
Woman: Let's hear it.
Come on,
Come on, ma
Woman: Let's hear it.
Come on, man.
T
The
Come on, man.
The f
The flo
Come on, man.
The floor
The floor i
Come on, man.
The floor is
The floor is yo
Come on, man.
The floor is your
The floor is yours,
Come on, man.
The floor is yours, m
The floor is yours, my
fr
frie
The floor is yours, my
friend
friend.
T
Tou
friend.
Touch
Touche,
friend.
Touche, a
Touche, alr
friend.
Touche, alrig
Touche, alright
friend.
Touche, alright.
Al
Alri
Touche, alright.
Alrigh
Alright,
Touche, alright.
Alright, a
Alright, alr
Touche, alright.
Alright, alrig
Alright, alright
Touche, alright.
Alright, alright.
Al
Alri
Alright, alright.
Alrigh
Alright,
Alright, alright.
Alright, a
Alright, alr
Alright, alright.
Alright, alrig
Alright, alright
Alright, alright.
Yo
You
Alright, alright.
You al
You all
Alright, alright.
You all re
You all reme
Alright, alright.
You all rememb
You all remember
Alright, alright.
You all remember t
You all remember tha
Alright, alright.
You all remember that
You all remember that ni
Alright, alright.
You all remember that nigh
You all remember that night
Alright, alright.
You all remember that night wh
You all remember that night when
Oz
Oz a
You all remember that night when
Oz and
Oz and I
You all remember that night when
Oz and I w
Oz and I wen
You all remember that night when
Oz and I went
Oz and I went ou
You all remember that night when
Oz and I went out
Oz and I went out in
You all remember that night when
Oz and I went out into
Oz and I went out into t
You all remember that night when
Oz and I went out into the
Oz and I went out into the h
You all remember that night when
Oz and I went out into the hil
Oz and I went out into the hills
on
on p
Oz and I went out into the hills
on pat
on patro
Oz and I went out into the hills
on patrol,
on patrol, r
Oz and I went out into the hills
on patrol, rig
on patrol, right
Oz and I went out into the hills
on patrol, right?
(A
(All
on patrol, right?
(All e
(All exc
on patrol, right?
(All excla
(All exclaim
on patrol, right?
(All exclaimin
(All exclaiming)
We
Well
(All exclaiming)
Well,
Well, le
(All exclaiming)
Well, let
Well, let me
(All exclaiming)
Well, let me t
Well, let me tel
(All exclaiming)
Well, let me tell
Well, let me tell yo
(All exclaiming)
Well, let me tell you.
Well, let me tell you...
Mo
Moth
Well, let me tell you...
Mother
Mother N
Well, let me tell you...
Mother Nat
Mother Natur
Well, let me tell you...
Mother Nature'
Mother Nature's
Well, let me tell you...
Mother Nature's wr
Mother Nature's wrat
Well, let me tell you...
Mother Nature's wrath
Mother Nature's wrath wa
Well, let me tell you...
Mother Nature's wrath was
Mother Nature's wrath was st
Well, let me tell you...
Mother Nature's wrath was stro
Mother Nature's wrath was strong
th
that
Mother Nature's wrath was strong
that n
that nig
Mother Nature's wrath was strong
that night
that night.
I
I to
that night.
I took
I took o
that night.
I took one
I took one w
that night.
I took one wro
I took one wrong
that night.
I took one wrong s
I took one wrong ste
that night.
I took one wrong step,
I took one wrong step, b
that night.
I took one wrong step, boo
I took one wrong step, boom!
Th
The
I took one wrong step, boom!
The gr
The grou
I took one wrong step, boom!
The ground
The ground g
I took one wrong step, boom!
The ground gav
The ground gave
I took one wrong step, boom!
The ground gave wa
The ground gave way
I took one wrong step, boom!
The ground gave way be
The ground gave way bene
I took one wrong step, boom!
The ground gave way beneat
The ground gave way beneath
I took one wrong step, boom!
The ground gave way beneath me
The ground gave way beneath me.
I
I fe
The ground gave way beneath me.
I fell
I fell.
I
I ca
I fell.
I call
I called
I fell.
I called a
I called aft
I fell.
I called after
I called after O
I fell.
I called after Oz,
I called after Oz, b
I fell.
I called after Oz, but
I called after Oz, but h
I fell.
I called after Oz, but he'
I called after Oz, but he's
sc
scre
I called after Oz, but he's
scream
screamin
I called after Oz, but he's
screaming
screaming an
I called after Oz, but he's
screaming and
screaming and sc
I called after Oz, but he's
screaming and scre
screaming and scream
I called after Oz, but he's
screaming and screamin
screaming and screaming
I called after Oz, but he's
screaming and screaming ab
screaming and screaming abou
I called after Oz, but he's
screaming and screaming about
Go
God
screaming and screaming about
God kn
God know
screaming and screaming about
God knows
God knows wh
screaming and screaming about
God knows what
God knows what.
I
I w
God knows what.
I was
I was s
God knows what.
I was scr
I was screa
God knows what.
I was screami
I was screaming
God knows what.
I was screaming f
I was screaming for
God knows what.
I was screaming for y
I was screaming for you
God knows what.
I was screaming for you.
Y
Yea
I was screaming for you.
Yeah,
Yeah, w
I was screaming for you.
Yeah, wel
Yeah, well,
I was screaming for you.
Yeah, well, I
Yeah, well, I w
I was screaming for you.
Yeah, well, I was
Yeah, well, I was s
I was screaming for you.
Yeah, well, I was scr
Yeah, well, I was screa
I was screaming for you.
Yeah, well, I was screami
Yeah, well, I was screaming
to
too
Yeah, well, I was screaming
too at
too at m
Yeah, well, I was screaming
too at my
too at my tw
Yeah, well, I was screaming
too at my twis
too at my twiste
Yeah, well, I was screaming
too at my twisted
too at my twisted an
Yeah, well, I was screaming
too at my twisted ankl
too at my twisted ankle.
I
I wa
too at my twisted ankle.
I was
I was al
too at my twisted ankle.
I was also
I was also l
too at my twisted ankle.
I was also lay
I was also layin
too at my twisted ankle.
I was also laying
I was also laying on
too at my twisted ankle.
I was also laying on m
I was also laying on my
too at my twisted ankle.
I was also laying on my ba
I was also laying on my back
too at my twisted ankle.
I was also laying on my back..
I was also laying on my back...
al
all
I was also laying on my back...
all ou
all out
I was also laying on my back...
all out of
all out of s
I was also laying on my back...
all out of sor
all out of sorts
I was also laying on my back...
all out of sorts f
all out of sorts fro
I was also laying on my back...
all out of sorts from
all out of sorts from th
I was also laying on my back...
all out of sorts from the
all out of sorts from the fa
I was also laying on my back...
all out of sorts from the fall
all out of sorts from the fall.
Da
Dark
Dark t
Dark tho
Dark thoug
Dark thought
Dark thoughts
Dark thoughts co
Dark thoughts comi
Dark thoughts coming
Dark thoughts coming m
Dark thoughts coming my
Dark thoughts coming my wa
Dark thoughts coming my way.
An
And
Dark thoughts coming my way.
And I'
And I'll
Dark thoughts coming my way.
And I'll t
And I'll tel
Dark thoughts coming my way.
And I'll tell
And I'll tell yo
Dark thoughts coming my way.
And I'll tell you
And I'll tell you wh
Dark thoughts coming my way.
And I'll tell you why
And I'll tell you why be
Dark thoughts coming my way.
And I'll tell you why beca
And I'll tell you why becaus
Dark thoughts coming my way.
And I'll tell you why because
And I'll tell you why because I
th
thou
And I'll tell you why because I
though
thought
And I'll tell you why because I
thought th
thought the
And I'll tell you why because I
thought the en
thought the end
And I'll tell you why because I
thought the end wa
thought the end was
And I'll tell you why because I
thought the end was ni
thought the end was nigh
And I'll tell you why because I
thought the end was nigh.
(A
(All
thought the end was nigh.
(All e
(All exc
thought the end was nigh.
(All excla
(All exclaim
thought the end was nigh.
(All exclaimin
(All exclaiming)
No
Not
Not ma
Not many
Not many p
Not many peo
Not many peopl
Not many people
Not many people us
Not many people use
Not many people use th
Not many people use the
Not many people use the wo
Not many people use the word
ni
nigh
Not many people use the word
nigh.
Sh
Shak
nigh.
Shakes
Shakespe
nigh.
Shakespear
Shakespeare
nigh.
Shakespeare an
Shakespeare and
nigh.
Shakespeare and pe
Shakespeare and peop
nigh.
Shakespeare and people
Shakespeare and people w
nigh.
Shakespeare and people who
Shakespeare and people who t
nigh.
Shakespeare and people who thi
Shakespeare and people who think
th
thei
Shakespeare and people who think
their
their en
Shakespeare and people who think
their end
their end is
Shakespeare and people who think
their end is n
their end is nig
Shakespeare and people who think
their end is nigh.
(A
(All
their end is nigh.
(All c
(All chu
their end is nigh.
(All chuck
(All chuckli
their end is nigh.
(All chuckling
(All chuckling)
Th
That
(All chuckling)
That w
That was
(All chuckling)
That was m
That was me,
(All chuckling)
That was me, b
That was me, but
(All chuckling)
That was me, but t
That was me, but tha
(All chuckling)
That was me, but that'
That was me, but that's
(All chuckling)
That was me, but that's wh
That was me, but that's when
(All chuckling)
That was me, but that's when t
That was me, but that's when the
so
sold
That was me, but that's when the
soldie
soldiers
That was me, but that's when the
soldiers f
soldiers fou
That was me, but that's when the
soldiers found
soldiers found m
That was me, but that's when the
soldiers found me.
Th
They
soldiers found me.
They s
They sho
soldiers found me.
They shove
They shoved
soldiers found me.
They shoved me
They shoved me i
soldiers found me.
They shoved me int
They shoved me into
soldiers found me.
They shoved me into a
They shoved me into a sn
soldiers found me.
They shoved me into a snow
They shoved me into a snowca
soldiers found me.
They shoved me into a snowcat.
Th
They
They shoved me into a snowcat.
They b
They bro
They shoved me into a snowcat.
They broug
They brought
They shoved me into a snowcat.
They brought m
They brought me
They shoved me into a snowcat.
They brought me to
They brought me to t
They shoved me into a snowcat.
They brought me to the
They brought me to the s
They shoved me into a snowcat.
They brought me to the sil
They brought me to the silo.
I'
I'm
They brought me to the silo.
I'm in
I'm in t
They brought me to the silo.
I'm in the
I'm in the s
They brought me to the silo.
I'm in the sil
I'm in the silo
They brought me to the silo.
I'm in the silo an
I'm in the silo and
They brought me to the silo.
I'm in the silo and at
I'm in the silo and at o
They brought me to the silo.
I'm in the silo and at one
po
poin
I'm in the silo and at one
point,
point, a
I'm in the silo and at one
point, all
point, all h
I'm in the silo and at one
point, all hel
point, all hell
I'm in the silo and at one
point, all hell br
point, all hell brok
I'm in the silo and at one
point, all hell broke
point, all hell broke lo
I'm in the silo and at one
point, all hell broke loos
point, all hell broke loose!
Lu
Luck
point, all hell broke loose!
Lucky
Lucky me
point, all hell broke loose!
Lucky me,
Lucky me, I
point, all hell broke loose!
Lucky me, I sl
Lucky me, I slip
point, all hell broke loose!
Lucky me, I slip a
Lucky me, I slip awa
point, all hell broke loose!
Lucky me, I slip away.
I
I st
Lucky me, I slip away.
I star
I starte
Lucky me, I slip away.
I started
I started cl
Lucky me, I slip away.
I started clim
I started climbi
Lucky me, I slip away.
I started climbing
I started climbing t
Lucky me, I slip away.
I started climbing the
st
stai
I started climbing the
stairw
stairwel
I started climbing the
stairwell.
I'
I'm
stairwell.
I'm cl
I'm clim
stairwell.
I'm climbi
I'm climbing
stairwell.
I'm climbing,
I'm climbing, I'
stairwell.
I'm climbing, I'm
I'm climbing, I'm cl
stairwell.
I'm climbing, I'm clim
I'm climbing, I'm climbi
stairwell.
I'm climbing, I'm climbing
I'm climbing, I'm climbing,
stairwell.
I'm climbing, I'm climbing, I'
I'm climbing, I'm climbing, I'm
cl
clim
I'm climbing, I'm climbing, I'm
climbi
climbing
I'm climbing, I'm climbing, I'm
climbing.
Ar
Arou
climbing.
Around
Around f
climbing.
Around flo
Around floor
climbing.
Around floor 1
Around floor 13,
climbing.
Around floor 13, D
Around floor 13, Doc
climbing.
Around floor 13, Doc,
Around floor 13, Doc, le
climbing.
Around floor 13, Doc, let
Around floor 13, Doc, let me
te
tell
Around floor 13, Doc, let me
tell y
tell you
Around floor 13, Doc, let me
tell you,
tell you, I
Around floor 13, Doc, let me
tell you, I he
tell you, I hear
Around floor 13, Doc, let me
tell you, I hear f
tell you, I hear foo
Around floor 13, Doc, let me
tell you, I hear foots
tell you, I hear footste
Around floor 13, Doc, let me
tell you, I hear footsteps
tell you, I hear footsteps a
Around floor 13, Doc, let me
tell you, I hear footsteps and
tell you, I hear footsteps and I
ra
ran
tell you, I hear footsteps and I
ran in
ran into
tell you, I hear footsteps and I
ran into f
ran into fiv
tell you, I hear footsteps and I
ran into five
ran into five of
tell you, I hear footsteps and I
ran into five of t
ran into five of the
tell you, I hear footsteps and I
ran into five of the b
ran into five of the bad
tell you, I hear footsteps and I
ran into five of the badde
ran into five of the baddest
co
comm
ran into five of the baddest
comman
commando
ran into five of the baddest
commandos
commandos yo
ran into five of the baddest
commandos you'
commandos you've
ran into five of the baddest
commandos you've e
commandos you've eve
ran into five of the baddest
commandos you've ever
commandos you've ever se
ran into five of the baddest
commandos you've ever seen
commandos you've ever seen.
Ha
Have
commandos you've ever seen.
Have y
Have you
commandos you've ever seen.
Have you s
Have you spe
commandos you've ever seen.
Have you spent
Have you spent a
commandos you've ever seen.
Have you spent a l
Have you spent a lot
commandos you've ever seen.
Have you spent a lot o
Have you spent a lot of
commandos you've ever seen.
Have you spent a lot of ti
Have you spent a lot of time
wi
with
Have you spent a lot of time
with c
with com
Have you spent a lot of time
with comma
with command
Have you spent a lot of time
with commandos
with commandos,
Have you spent a lot of time
with commandos, Do
with commandos, Doc?
(A
(All
with commandos, Doc?
(All l
(All lau
with commandos, Doc?
(All laugh
(All laughin
with commandos, Doc?
(All laughing)
Th
Thes
(All laughing)
These
These co
(All laughing)
These comm
These comman
(All laughing)
These commando
These commandos
(All laughing)
These commandos we
These commandos were
(All laughing)
These commandos were b
These commandos were bad
(All laughing)
These commandos were bad a
These commandos were bad ass
(All laughing)
These commandos were bad ass.
I
I th
These commandos were bad ass.
I then
I then d
These commandos were bad ass.
I then did
I then did w
These commandos were bad ass.
I then did wha
I then did what
These commandos were bad ass.
I then did what an
I then did what any
These commandos were bad ass.
I then did what any of
I then did what any of y
These commandos were bad ass.
I then did what any of you
wo
woul
I then did what any of you
would'
would've
I then did what any of you
would've d
would've don
I then did what any of you
would've done
would've done in
I then did what any of you
would've done in t
would've done in tha
I then did what any of you
would've done in that
would've done in that si
I then did what any of you
would've done in that situ
would've done in that situat
I then did what any of you
would've done in that situatio
would've done in that situation.
W
Wep
would've done in that situation.
Wept
Wept li
would've done in that situation.
Wept like
Wept like a
would've done in that situation.
Wept like a s
Wept like a sma
would've done in that situation.
Wept like a small
Wept like a small c
would've done in that situation.
Wept like a small chi
Wept like a small child
would've done in that situation.
Wept like a small child.
(A
(All
Wept like a small child.
(All l
(All lau
Wept like a small child.
(All laugh
(All laughin
Wept like a small child.
(All laughing)
I
I d
(All laughing)
I did
I did n
(All laughing)
I did not
I did not c
(All laughing)
I did not cry
I did not cry,
(All laughing)
I did not cry, Z-
I did not cry, Z-Wr
(All laughing)
I did not cry, Z-Wrec
I did not cry, Z-Wreck.
(A
(All
I did not cry, Z-Wreck.
(All l
(All lau
I did not cry, Z-Wreck.
(All laugh
(All laughin
I did not cry, Z-Wreck.
(All laughing)
I
I th
(All laughing)
I thou
I though
(All laughing)
I thought
I thought ab
(All laughing)
I thought abou
I thought about
(All laughing)
I thought about Sy
I thought about Syke
(All laughing)
I thought about Sykes,
I thought about Sykes, I
(All laughing)
I thought about Sykes, I l
I thought about Sykes, I lai
(All laughing)
I thought about Sykes, I laid
I thought about Sykes, I laid a
sm
smac
I thought about Sykes, I laid a
smack
smack do
I thought about Sykes, I laid a
smack down
smack down o
I thought about Sykes, I laid a
smack down on
smack down on th
I thought about Sykes, I laid a
smack down on thos
smack down on those
I thought about Sykes, I laid a
smack down on those go
smack down on those goon
I thought about Sykes, I laid a
smack down on those goons!
(C
(Che
smack down on those goons!
(Cheer
(Cheerin
smack down on those goons!
(Cheering)
Th
That
(Cheering)
That's
That's r
(Cheering)
That's rig
That's right
(Cheering)
That's right,
That's right, le
(Cheering)
That's right, left
That's right, left a
(Cheering)
That's right, left and
That's right, left and r
(Cheering)
That's right, left and rig
That's right, left and right
(Cheering)
That's right, left and right!
I
I to
That's right, left and right!
I took
I took t
That's right, left and right!
I took the
I took these
That's right, left and right!
I took these s
I took these suc
That's right, left and right!
I took these sucke
I took these suckers
That's right, left and right!
I took these suckers d
I took these suckers dow
That's right, left and right!
I took these suckers down.
Th
Then
I took these suckers down.
Then t
Then thi
I took these suckers down.
Then this
Then this bl
I took these suckers down.
Then this blue
Then this blue b
I took these suckers down.
Then this blue bea
Then this blue beani
I took these suckers down.
Then this blue beanie
Then this blue beanie jo
I took these suckers down.
Then this blue beanie joke
Then this blue beanie joker
co
come
Then this blue beanie joker
comes
comes at
Then this blue beanie joker
comes at m
comes at me
Then this blue beanie joker
comes at me wi
comes at me with
Then this blue beanie joker
comes at me with a
comes at me with a b
Then this blue beanie joker
comes at me with a bat
comes at me with a bat.
I
I ya
comes at me with a bat.
I yank
I yank i
comes at me with a bat.
I yank it
I yank it fr
comes at me with a bat.
I yank it from
I yank it from h
comes at me with a bat.
I yank it from him
I yank it from him.
I
I sh
I yank it from him.
I show
I show t
I yank it from him.
I show the
I show these
I yank it from him.
I show these c
I show these clo
I yank it from him.
I show these clown
I show these clowns
I yank it from him.
I show these clowns wh
I show these clowns what
I yank it from him.
I show these clowns what t
I show these clowns what thr
I yank it from him.
I show these clowns what three
ye
year
I show these clowns what three
years
years of
I show these clowns what three
years of J
years of JV
I show these clowns what three
years of JV ba
years of JV base
I show these clowns what three
years of JV baseba
years of JV baseball
I show these clowns what three
years of JV baseball c
years of JV baseball can
I show these clowns what three
years of JV baseball can d
years of JV baseball can do.
O
Oh,
years of JV baseball can do.
Oh, G
Oh, God
years of JV baseball can do.
Oh, God,
Oh, God, Da
years of JV baseball can do.
Oh, God, Dad!
I
I'm
Oh, God, Dad!
I'm s
I'm swi
Oh, God, Dad!
I'm swing
I'm swingin
Oh, God, Dad!
I'm swinging
I'm swinging at
Oh, God, Dad!
I'm swinging at t
I'm swinging at the
Oh, God, Dad!
I'm swinging at these
I'm swinging at these g
Oh, God, Dad!
I'm swinging at these guy
I'm swinging at these guys.
I'
I'm
I'm swinging at these guys.
I'm di
I'm disp
I'm swinging at these guys.
I'm dispat
I'm dispatch
I'm swinging at these guys.
I'm dispatchin
I'm dispatching
I'm swinging at these guys.
I'm dispatching wi
I'm dispatching with
I'm swinging at these guys.
I'm dispatching with t
I'm dispatching with the
I'm swinging at these guys.
I'm dispatching with these
I'm dispatching with these g
I'm swinging at these guys.
I'm dispatching with these goo
I'm dispatching with these goons
an
and
I'm dispatching with these goons
and I
and I st
I'm dispatching with these goons
and I star
and I start
I'm dispatching with these goons
and I start cl
and I start clim
I'm dispatching with these goons
and I start climbi
and I start climbing
I'm dispatching with these goons
and I start climbing a
and I start climbing aga
I'm dispatching with these goons
and I start climbing again
and I start climbing again.
I'
I'm
and I start climbing again.
I'm cl
I'm clim
and I start climbing again.
I'm climbi
I'm climbing
and I start climbing again.
I'm climbing,
I'm climbing, I'
and I start climbing again.
I'm climbing, I'm
I'm climbing, I'm cl
and I start climbing again.
I'm climbing, I'm clim
I'm climbing, I'm climbi
and I start climbing again.
I'm climbing, I'm climbing
I'm climbing, I'm climbing a
and I start climbing again.
I'm climbing, I'm climbing and
I'm climbing, I'm climbing and I
hi
hit
I'm climbing, I'm climbing and I
hit a
hit a ga
I'm climbing, I'm climbing and I
hit a gara
hit a garage
I'm climbing, I'm climbing and I
hit a garage a
hit a garage and
I'm climbing, I'm climbing and I
hit a garage and t
hit a garage and the
I'm climbing, I'm climbing and I
hit a garage and the h
hit a garage and the han
I'm climbing, I'm climbing and I
hit a garage and the hanga
hit a garage and the hangar
do
door
hit a garage and the hangar
door's
door's l
hit a garage and the hangar
door's lef
door's left
hit a garage and the hangar
door's left op
door's left open
hit a garage and the hangar
door's left open t
door's left open to
hit a garage and the hangar
door's left open to th
door's left open to the
el
elem
door's left open to the
elemen
elements
door's left open to the
elements.
An
And
elements.
And al
And all
elements.
And all th
And all this
elements.
And all this f
And all this fri
elements.
And all this frigi
And all this frigid
elements.
And all this frigid ai
And all this frigid air
elements.
And all this frigid air is
ru
rush
And all this frigid air is
rushin
rushing
And all this frigid air is
rushing in
rushing in a
And all this frigid air is
rushing in and
rushing in and t
And all this frigid air is
rushing in and tha
rushing in and that'
And all this frigid air is
rushing in and that's
rushing in and that's wh
And all this frigid air is
rushing in and that's when
rushing in and that's when I
And all this frigid air is
rushing in and that's when I s
rushing in and that's when I saw
he
her
rushing in and that's when I saw
her st
her star
rushing in and that's when I saw
her starin
her staring
rushing in and that's when I saw
her staring ba
her staring back
rushing in and that's when I saw
her staring back a
her staring back at
rushing in and that's when I saw
her staring back at me
her staring back at me w
rushing in and that's when I saw
her staring back at me wit
her staring back at me with
rushing in and that's when I saw
her staring back at me with he
her staring back at me with her
co
cold
her staring back at me with her
cold,
cold, bl
her staring back at me with her
cold, blac
cold, black
her staring back at me with her
cold, black ey
cold, black eyes
her staring back at me with her
cold, black eyes.
♪
Bi
Bigf
Bigfoo
Bigfoot.
(C
(Cro
Bigfoot.
(Cross
(Cross t
Bigfoot.
(Cross tal
(Cross talk)
No
Now
(Cross talk)
Now yo
Now you'
(Cross talk)
Now you're
Now you're c
(Cross talk)
Now you're cal
Now you're calli
(Cross talk)
Now you're calling
Now you're calling b
(Cross talk)
Now you're calling bul
Now you're calling bulls
(Cross talk)
Now you're calling bullshi
Now you're calling bullshit?
No
Now?
It
It w
Now?
It was
It wasn'
Now?
It wasn't
It wasn't me
Now?
It wasn't me t
It wasn't me tip
Now?
It wasn't me tipto
It wasn't me tiptoei
Now?
It wasn't me tiptoeing
It wasn't me tiptoeing a
Now?
It wasn't me tiptoeing awa
It wasn't me tiptoeing away
Now?
It wasn't me tiptoeing away or
ta
taki
It wasn't me tiptoeing away or
taking
taking d
It wasn't me tiptoeing away or
taking dow
taking down
It wasn't me tiptoeing away or
taking down co
taking down comm
It wasn't me tiptoeing away or
taking down comman
taking down commando
It wasn't me tiptoeing away or
taking down commando a
taking down commando aft
It wasn't me tiptoeing away or
taking down commando after
co
comm
taking down commando after
comman
commando
taking down commando after
commando?
(L
(Lau
commando?
(Laugh
(Laughte
commando?
(Laughter)
Bu
But
(Laughter)
But wh
But whet
(Laughter)
But whethe
But whether
(Laughter)
But whether yo
But whether you
(Laughter)
But whether you be
But whether you beli
(Laughter)
But whether you believ
But whether you believe
(Laughter)
But whether you believe my
But whether you believe my s
(Laughter)
But whether you believe my sto
But whether you believe my story
or
or n
But whether you believe my story
or not
or not..
But whether you believe my story
or not...
th
the
or not...
the fa
the fact
or not...
the fact t
the fact tha
or not...
the fact that
the fact that I'
or not...
the fact that I'm
the fact that I'm st
or not...
the fact that I'm stan
the fact that I'm standi
or not...
the fact that I'm standing
the fact that I'm standing h
or not...
the fact that I'm standing her
the fact that I'm standing here
ri
righ
the fact that I'm standing here
right
right no
the fact that I'm standing here
right now,
right now, r
the fact that I'm standing here
right now, rig
right now, right
the fact that I'm standing here
right now, right h
right now, right her
the fact that I'm standing here
right now, right here
right now, right here is
the fact that I'm standing here
right now, right here is p
right now, right here is pro
the fact that I'm standing here
right now, right here is proof
po
posi
right now, right here is proof
positi
positive
right now, right here is proof
positive t
positive tha
right now, right here is proof
positive that
positive that th
right now, right here is proof
positive that the
positive that the pe
right now, right here is proof
positive that the peop
positive that the people
right now, right here is proof
positive that the people o
positive that the people of
right now, right here is proof
positive that the people of Ne
positive that the people of New
Ed
Eden
positive that the people of New
Eden a
Eden are
positive that the people of New
Eden are r
Eden are rea
positive that the people of New
Eden are ready
Eden are ready f
positive that the people of New
Eden are ready for
Eden are ready for a
positive that the people of New
Eden are ready for any
Eden are ready for any f
positive that the people of New
Eden are ready for any fig
Eden are ready for any fight
positive that the people of New
Eden are ready for any fight..
Eden are ready for any fight...
♪
..
...v
...ver
...versu
...versus
...versus ma
...versus man,
...versus man, b
...versus man, bea
...versus man, beast
...versus man, beast o
...versus man, beast or
tr
trai
...versus man, beast or
train!
(C
(Che
train!
(Cheer
(Cheerin
train!
(Cheering)
♪
(A
(Ala
(Alarm
(Alarm b
(Alarm bla
(Alarm blari
(Alarm blaring
(Alarm blaring)
♪
O
Oh,
Oh, y
Oh, yes
Oh, yes.
We
We'r
Oh, yes.
We're
We're al
Oh, yes.
We're almo
We're almost
Oh, yes.
We're almost t
We're almost the
Oh, yes.
We're almost there
We're almost there.
I
If
We're almost there.
If I
If I do
We're almost there.
If I do t
If I do thi
We're almost there.
If I do this,
If I do this, n
We're almost there.
If I do this, nob
If I do this, nobod
We're almost there.
If I do this, nobody
If I do this, nobody ge
We're almost there.
If I do this, nobody gets
hu
hurt
If I do this, nobody gets
hurt.
I
I k
hurt.
I kno
I know
hurt.
I know it
I know it m
hurt.
I know it may
I know it may n
hurt.
I know it may not
I know it may not s
hurt.
I know it may not see
I know it may not seem
hurt.
I know it may not seem li
I know it may not seem like
it
it,
I know it may not seem like
it, bu
it, but
I know it may not seem like
it, but I
it, but I gi
I know it may not seem like
it, but I give
it, but I give y
I know it may not seem like
it, but I give you
it, but I give you m
I know it may not seem like
it, but I give you my
it, but I give you my wo
I know it may not seem like
it, but I give you my word
it, but I give you my word,
I know it may not seem like
it, but I give you my word, th
it, but I give you my word, this
is
is t
it, but I give you my word, this
is the
is the b
it, but I give you my word, this
is the bes
is the best
it, but I give you my word, this
is the best ou
is the best outc
it, but I give you my word, this
is the best outcom
is the best outcome.
N
Not
is the best outcome.
Not f
Not for
is the best outcome.
Not for N
Not for New
is the best outcome.
Not for New E
Not for New Ede
is the best outcome.
Not for New Eden.
♪
I
In
In si
In situ
In situat
In situatio
In situations
In situations l
In situations lik
In situations like
In situations like th
In situations like this
In situations like this,
em
emot
In situations like this,
emotio
emotions
In situations like this,
emotions a
emotions are
In situations like this,
emotions are c
emotions are com
In situations like this,
emotions are compl
emotions are complic
In situations like this,
emotions are complicat
emotions are complicated
In situations like this,
emotions are complicated t
emotions are complicated thi
In situations like this,
emotions are complicated thing
emotions are complicated things.
Yo
You
emotions are complicated things.
You ha
You have
emotions are complicated things.
You have t
You have to
emotions are complicated things.
You have to pu
You have to push
emotions are complicated things.
You have to push p
You have to push pas
emotions are complicated things.
You have to push past
You have to push past th
emotions are complicated things.
You have to push past the
pe
pers
You have to push past the
person
personal
You have to push past the
personal,
personal, al
You have to push past the
personal, alri
personal, alrigh
You have to push past the
personal, alright?
On
Only
personal, alright?
Only l
Only loo
personal, alright?
Only look
Only look at
personal, alright?
Only look at t
Only look at the
personal, alright?
Only look at the f
Only look at the fac
personal, alright?
Only look at the facts
Only look at the facts.
In
In a
Only look at the facts.
In a c
In a cou
Only look at the facts.
In a coupl
In a couple
Only look at the facts.
In a couple of
In a couple of d
Only look at the facts.
In a couple of day
In a couple of days,
Only look at the facts.
In a couple of days, t
In a couple of days, the
Only look at the facts.
In a couple of days, the r
In a couple of days, the roc
Only look at the facts.
In a couple of days, the rocke
In a couple of days, the rocket
wi
will
In a couple of days, the rocket
will l
will lau
In a couple of days, the rocket
will launc
will launch
In a couple of days, the rocket
will launch an
will launch and
In a couple of days, the rocket
will launch and ev
will launch and ever
In a couple of days, the rocket
will launch and everyt
will launch and everythi
In a couple of days, the rocket
will launch and everything
will launch and everything t
In a couple of days, the rocket
will launch and everything tha
will launch and everything that
we
we'v
will launch and everything that
we've
we've do
will launch and everything that
we've done
we've done,
will launch and everything that
we've done, ev
we've done, ever
will launch and everything that
we've done, every
we've done, every si
will launch and everything that
we've done, every sing
we've done, every single
will launch and everything that
we've done, every single t
we've done, every single thi
will launch and everything that
we've done, every single thing
we
we'v
we've done, every single thing
we've
we've do
we've done, every single thing
we've done
we've done w
we've done, every single thing
we've done wil
we've done will
we've done, every single thing
we've done will be
we've done will be w
we've done, every single thing
we've done will be wor
we've done will be worth
we've done, every single thing
we've done will be worth i
we've done will be worth it.
Al
Alex
we've done will be worth it.
Alex.
I'
I'm
Alex.
I'm co
I'm coun
Alex.
I'm counti
I'm counting
Alex.
I'm counting o
I'm counting on
Alex.
I'm counting on yo
I'm counting on you.
(T
(Thu
I'm counting on you.
(Thudd
(Thuddin
I'm counting on you.
(Thudding)
♪
W
Wol
Wolf:
Wolf: M
Wolf: Mov
Wolf: Movin
Wolf: Moving
Wolf: Moving ou
Wolf: Moving out.
B
Bot
Both:
Both: H
Both: Hey
Both: Hey.
T
Tha
That
That wa
That was
That was co
That was cool
That was cool.
(C
(Chu
That was cool.
(Chuck
(Chuckle
That was cool.
(Chuckles)
(S
(Sig
(Chuckles)
(Sighs
(Sighs)
I'
I'm
I'm gl
I'm glad
I'm glad y
I'm glad you
I'm glad you'r
I'm glad you're
I'm glad you're ok
I'm glad you're okay
I'm glad you're okay.
I
I do
I'm glad you're okay.
I don'
I don't
I'm glad you're okay.
I don't th
I don't thin
I'm glad you're okay.
I don't think
I don't think I'
I'm glad you're okay.
I don't think I'd
su
surv
I don't think I'd
surviv
survive
I don't think I'd
survive wi
survive with
I don't think I'd
survive withou
survive without
I don't think I'd
survive without yo
survive without you.
S
Sur
survive without you.
Sure
Sure yo
survive without you.
Sure you
Sure you wo
survive without you.
Sure you woul
Sure you would.
Yo
You'
Sure you would.
You're
You're s
Sure you would.
You're str
You're stron
Sure you would.
You're strong
You're strong ju
Sure you would.
You're strong just
You're strong just l
Sure you would.
You're strong just lik
You're strong just like
Sure you would.
You're strong just like yo
You're strong just like your
mo
mom.
I
I do
mom.
I don'
I don't
mom.
I don't sa
I don't say
mom.
I don't say it
I don't say it e
mom.
I don't say it eno
I don't say it enoug
mom.
I don't say it enough,
I don't say it enough, b
mom.
I don't say it enough, but
I don't say it enough, but I
mom.
I don't say it enough, but I'm
in
in a
I don't say it enough, but I'm
in awe
in awe o
I don't say it enough, but I'm
in awe of
in awe of th
I don't say it enough, but I'm
in awe of the
in awe of the wo
I don't say it enough, but I'm
in awe of the woma
in awe of the woman
I don't say it enough, but I'm
in awe of the woman th
in awe of the woman that
I don't say it enough, but I'm
in awe of the woman that y
in awe of the woman that you
I don't say it enough, but I'm
in awe of the woman that you'v
in awe of the woman that you've
be
beco
in awe of the woman that you've
become
become.
D
Doe
become.
Does
Does th
become.
Does that
Does that m
become.
Does that mea
Does that mean
become.
Does that mean I
Does that mean I ca
become.
Does that mean I can
Does that mean I can ha
become.
Does that mean I can have
Does that mean I can have a
dr
drin
Does that mean I can have a
drink?
O
Ove
drink?
Over
Over my
drink?
Over my d
Over my dea
drink?
Over my dead
Over my dead bo
drink?
Over my dead body
Over my dead body.
(
(Si
Over my dead body.
(Sigh
(Sighs)
Over my dead body.
(Sighs) S
(Sighs) Sho
Over my dead body.
(Sighs) Shoot
(Sighs) Shoot.
(C
(Chu
(Sighs) Shoot.
(Chuck
(Chuckle
(Sighs) Shoot.
(Chuckles)
(W
(Whi
(Whisp
(Whisper
(Whispers)
(Whispers) S
(Whispers) See
(Whispers) See y
(Whispers) See you
(Whispers) See you l
(Whispers) See you lat
(Whispers) See you later
(Whispers) See you later.
M
Mm-
(Whispers) See you later.
Mm-hm
Mm-hmm.
(F
(Foo
Mm-hmm.
(Foots
(Footste
Mm-hmm.
(Footsteps
(Footsteps)
B
Bot
Both:
Both: H
Both: Hey
Both: Hey.
U
Um.
Both: Hey.
Um...
I
I ha
I have
I have a
I have alw
I have alway
I have always
I have always ad
I have always admi
I have always admire
I have always admired
I have always admired wh
I have always admired what
I have always admired what a
gr
grea
I have always admired what a
great
great fa
I have always admired what a
great fath
great father
I have always admired what a
great father y
great father you
I have always admired what a
great father you a
great father you are
I have always admired what a
great father you are.
(
(Ch
great father you are.
(Chuc
(Chuckl
great father you are.
(Chuckles
(Chuckles)
great father you are.
(Chuckles) Ca
(Chuckles) Carl
great father you are.
(Chuckles) Carly
(Chuckles) Carly ma
great father you are.
(Chuckles) Carly make
(Chuckles) Carly makes
great father you are.
(Chuckles) Carly makes it
ea
easy
(Chuckles) Carly makes it
easy.
Y
Yea
easy.
Yeah,
Yeah, w
easy.
Yeah, wel
Yeah, well,
easy.
Yeah, well, w
Yeah, well, whe
easy.
Yeah, well, when
Yeah, well, when th
easy.
Yeah, well, when this
Yeah, well, when this i
easy.
Yeah, well, when this is
Yeah, well, when this is al
easy.
Yeah, well, when this is all
ov
over
Yeah, well, when this is all
over,
over, I'
Yeah, well, when this is all
over, I'm
over, I'm go
Yeah, well, when this is all
over, I'm gonn
over, I'm gonna
Yeah, well, when this is all
over, I'm gonna ge
over, I'm gonna get
Yeah, well, when this is all
over, I'm gonna get so
over, I'm gonna get some
Yeah, well, when this is all
over, I'm gonna get some t
over, I'm gonna get some tip
Yeah, well, when this is all
over, I'm gonna get some tips.
(
(Ch
over, I'm gonna get some tips.
(Chuc
(Chuckl
over, I'm gonna get some tips.
(Chuckles
(Chuckles)
over, I'm gonna get some tips.
(Chuckles) Yo
(Chuckles) You
over, I'm gonna get some tips.
(Chuckles) You al
(Chuckles) You alre
over, I'm gonna get some tips.
(Chuckles) You alread
(Chuckles) You already
over, I'm gonna get some tips.
(Chuckles) You already kn
(Chuckles) You already know
ev
ever
(Chuckles) You already know
everyt
everythi
(Chuckles) You already know
everything
everything y
(Chuckles) You already know
everything you
everything you n
(Chuckles) You already know
everything you nee
everything you need
(Chuckles) You already know
everything you need to
everything you need to k
(Chuckles) You already know
everything you need to kno
everything you need to know.
Lo
Love
everything you need to know.
Love t
Love the
everything you need to know.
Love them,
Love them, p
everything you need to know.
Love them, pro
Love them, prote
everything you need to know.
Love them, protect
Love them, protect t
everything you need to know.
Love them, protect the
Love them, protect them,
everything you need to know.
Love them, protect them, t
Love them, protect them, the
re
rest
Love them, protect them, the
rest,
rest, eh
Love them, protect them, the
rest, eh.
I
It'
rest, eh.
It's
It's ac
rest, eh.
It's actu
It's actual
rest, eh.
It's actually
It's actually w
rest, eh.
It's actually wha
It's actually what
rest, eh.
It's actually what I
It's actually what I wa
rest, eh.
It's actually what I want
It's actually what I wanted
to
to t
It's actually what I wanted
to tal
to talk
It's actually what I wanted
to talk to
to talk to y
It's actually what I wanted
to talk to you
to talk to you a
It's actually what I wanted
to talk to you abo
to talk to you about
It's actually what I wanted
to talk to you about.
(D
(Dra
to talk to you about.
(Drama
(Dramati
to talk to you about.
(Dramatic
(Dramatic in
to talk to you about.
(Dramatic inst
(Dramatic instru
to talk to you about.
(Dramatic instrume
(Dramatic instrument
to talk to you about.
(Dramatic instrumental
(Dramatic instrumental m
to talk to you about.
(Dramatic instrumental mus
(Dramatic instrumental music
to talk to you about.
(Dramatic instrumental music)
Wh
When
(Dramatic instrumental music)
When t
When thi
(Dramatic instrumental music)
When this
When this sh
(Dramatic instrumental music)
When this shit
When this shit g
(Dramatic instrumental music)
When this shit goe
When this shit goes
(Dramatic instrumental music)
When this shit goes do
When this shit goes down
(Dramatic instrumental music)
When this shit goes down,
When this shit goes down, I
(Dramatic instrumental music)
When this shit goes down, I ne
When this shit goes down, I need
to
to k
When this shit goes down, I need
to kno
to know
When this shit goes down, I need
to know th
to know that
When this shit goes down, I need
to know that L
to know that Lia
When this shit goes down, I need
to know that Liana
to know that Liana's
When this shit goes down, I need
to know that Liana's g
to know that Liana's goi
When this shit goes down, I need
to know that Liana's going
to know that Liana's going t
When this shit goes down, I need
to know that Liana's going to
to know that Liana's going to be
ok
okay
to know that Liana's going to be
okay.
So
So..
okay.
So...
if
if s
So...
if som
if somet
So...
if somethi
if something
So...
if something h
if something hap
So...
if something happe
if something happens
So...
if something happens t
if something happens to
So...
if something happens to me
if something happens to me a
So...
if something happens to me and
Jo
Josi
if something happens to me and
Josie,
Josie, w
if something happens to me and
Josie, wil
Josie, will
if something happens to me and
Josie, will yo
Josie, will you
if something happens to me and
Josie, will you ta
Josie, will you take
if something happens to me and
Josie, will you take c
Josie, will you take car
if something happens to me and
Josie, will you take care
Josie, will you take care of
he
her?
M
Me?
♪
Ar
Are
Are yo
Are you
Are you su
Are you sure
Are you sure?
Y
Yea
Are you sure?
Yeah,
Yeah, m
Are you sure?
Yeah, man
Yeah, man,
Are you sure?
Yeah, man, we
Yeah, man, we t
Are you sure?
Yeah, man, we tru
Yeah, man, we trust
Are you sure?
Yeah, man, we trust y
Yeah, man, we trust you
Are you sure?
Yeah, man, we trust you.
An
And
Yeah, man, we trust you.
And yo
And you
Yeah, man, we trust you.
And you re
And you real
Yeah, man, we trust you.
And you really
And you really c
Yeah, man, we trust you.
And you really cam
And you really came
Yeah, man, we trust you.
And you really came th
And you really came thro
Yeah, man, we trust you.
And you really came throug
And you really came through
Yeah, man, we trust you.
And you really came through fo
And you really came through for
us
us w
And you really came through for
us whe
us when
And you really came through for
us when we
us when we d
And you really came through for
us when we did
us when we didn'
And you really came through for
us when we didn't
us when we didn't ha
And you really came through for
us when we didn't have
us when we didn't have a
And you really came through for
us when we didn't have any
us when we didn't have any o
And you really came through for
us when we didn't have any oth
us when we didn't have any other
op
opti
us when we didn't have any other
option
options.
Wh
Who
options.
Who el
Who else
options.
Who else w
Who else wou
options.
Who else would
Who else would w
options.
Who else would we
Who else would we as
options.
Who else would we ask?
♪
I
I w
I won
I won't
I won't l
I won't let
I won't let y
I won't let you
I won't let you d
I won't let you dow
I won't let you down.
I
I h
I won't let you down.
I hav
I have
I won't let you down.
I have no
I have no d
I won't let you down.
I have no dou
I have no doubt
I won't let you down.
I have no doubt.
♪
T
Tim
Time
Time to
Time to m
Time to mov
Time to move.
♪
Is
Is t
Is the
Is there
Is there a
Is there a p
Is there a pro
Is there a probl
Is there a problem
Is there a problem?
D
Do
Is there a problem?
Do yo
Do you
Is there a problem?
Do you wa
Do you want
Is there a problem?
Do you want m
Do you want me
Is there a problem?
Do you want me to
Do you want me to d
Is there a problem?
Do you want me to do
Do you want me to do th
Is there a problem?
Do you want me to do this
Do you want me to do this o
Is there a problem?
Do you want me to do this or
no
not?
♪
A
A l
A lit
A littl
A little
A little ea
A little earl
A little early
A little early fo
A little early for
A little early for sh
A little early for shot
A little early for shots,
is
isn'
A little early for shots,
isn't
isn't it
A little early for shots,
isn't it?
O
One
isn't it?
One l
One las
isn't it?
One last
One last dr
isn't it?
One last drin
One last drink.
St
Stea
One last drink.
Steady
Steady t
One last drink.
Steady the
Steady the n
One last drink.
Steady the ner
Steady the nerve
One last drink.
Steady the nerves.
♪
A
A to
A toas
A toast.
I
I th
A toast.
I thin
I think
A toast.
I think we
I think we s
A toast.
I think we sho
I think we shoul
A toast.
I think we should
I think we should al
A toast.
I think we should all
I think we should all sa
A toast.
I think we should all say
I think we should all say a
A toast.
I think we should all say a fe
I think we should all say a few
wo
word
I think we should all say a few
words
words so
I think we should all say a few
words so w
words so whe
I think we should all say a few
words so when
words so when th
I think we should all say a few
words so when the
words so when the ba
I think we should all say a few
words so when the batt
words so when the battle
I think we should all say a few
words so when the battle b
words so when the battle beg
I think we should all say a few
words so when the battle begin
words so when the battle begins
we
we r
words so when the battle begins
we rem
we remem
words so when the battle begins
we remembe
we remember
words so when the battle begins
we remember ex
we remember exac
words so when the battle begins
we remember exactl
we remember exactly
words so when the battle begins
we remember exactly wh
we remember exactly what
words so when the battle begins
we remember exactly what i
we remember exactly what it
words so when the battle begins
we remember exactly what it is
th
that
we remember exactly what it is
that w
that we'
we remember exactly what it is
that we're
that we're f
we remember exactly what it is
that we're fig
that we're fight
we remember exactly what it is
that we're fightin
that we're fighting
we remember exactly what it is
that we're fighting fo
that we're fighting for.
♪
T
To
To Za
To Zara
To Zarah.
Fo
For
To Zarah.
For sh
For show
To Zarah.
For showin
For showing
To Zarah.
For showing ki
For showing kind
To Zarah.
For showing kindne
For showing kindness
to
to a
For showing kindness
to an
to an ou
For showing kindness
to an outs
to an outsid
For showing kindness
to an outsider
to an outsider.
♪
T
To
To Be
To Benn
To Bennet
To Bennett
To Bennett Kn
To Bennett Knox
To Bennett Knox.
Wh
Who
To Bennett Knox.
Who ga
Who gave
To Bennett Knox.
Who gave h
Who gave his
To Bennett Knox.
Who gave his l
Who gave his lif
To Bennett Knox.
Who gave his life
Who gave his life so
To Bennett Knox.
Who gave his life so w
Who gave his life so we
To Bennett Knox.
Who gave his life so we co
Who gave his life so we coul
To Bennett Knox.
Who gave his life so we could
fi
figh
Who gave his life so we could
fight
fight fo
Who gave his life so we could
fight for
fight for ou
Who gave his life so we could
fight for ours
fight for ours.
♪
T
To
To th
To the
To the wa
To the warr
To the warrio
To the warriors
To the warriors.
If
If i
To the warriors.
If it
If it we
To the warriors.
If it were
If it weren'
To the warriors.
If it weren't
If it weren't fo
To the warriors.
If it weren't for
If it weren't for th
To the warriors.
If it weren't for them
If it weren't for them,
To the warriors.
If it weren't for them, th
If it weren't for them, ther
To the warriors.
If it weren't for them, there
wo
woul
If it weren't for them, there
would
would be
If it weren't for them, there
would be n
would be no
If it weren't for them, there
would be no li
would be no life
If it weren't for them, there
would be no life o
would be no life off
If it weren't for them, there
would be no life off t
would be no life off the
If it weren't for them, there
would be no life off the t
would be no life off the tra
If it weren't for them, there
would be no life off the train
would be no life off the train.
♪
T
To
To th
To the
To the lo
To the lost
To the lost s
To the lost sou
To the lost souls
To the lost souls o
To the lost souls of
To the lost souls of Ne
To the lost souls of New
Ed
Eden
To the lost souls of New
Eden.
Ma
May
Eden.
May th
May they
Eden.
May they f
May they fin
Eden.
May they find
May they find th
Eden.
May they find thei
May they find their
Eden.
May they find their wa
May they find their way
Eden.
May they find their way ho
May they find their way home
Eden.
May they find their way home.
T
To
May they find their way home.
To th
To thos
May they find their way home.
To those
To those we
May they find their way home.
To those we f
To those we fou
May they find their way home.
To those we found
To those we found.
Th
They
To those we found.
They'r
They're
To those we found.
They're th
They're the
To those we found.
They're the fu
They're the futu
To those we found.
They're the future
They're the future o
To those we found.
They're the future of
They're the future of th
To those we found.
They're the future of this
pl
plac
They're the future of this
place.
T
To
place.
To Ne
To New
place.
To New Ed
To New Eden
place.
To New Eden.
A
All
To New Eden.
All:
All: To
To New Eden.
All: To N
All: To New
To New Eden.
All: To New E
All: To New Ede
To New Eden.
All: To New Eden.
♪
T
The
The w
The wor
The work
The work st
The work stat
The work statio
The work station
The work station is
The work station is t
The work station is too
The work station is too o
The work station is too out
in
in t
The work station is too out
in the
in the o
The work station is too out
in the ope
in the open.
I'
I'll
in the open.
I'll n
I'll nee
in the open.
I'll need
I'll need to
in the open.
I'll need to g
I'll need to go
in the open.
I'll need to go it
I'll need to go it a
in the open.
I'll need to go it alo
I'll need to go it alone
in the open.
I'll need to go it alone.
I
If
I'll need to go it alone.
If yo
If you
I'll need to go it alone.
If you tr
If you try
I'll need to go it alone.
If you try an
If you try anyt
I'll need to go it alone.
If you try anythi
If you try anything
I'll need to go it alone.
If you try anything a
If you try anything at
I'll need to go it alone.
If you try anything at al
If you try anything at all,
mo
momm
If you try anything at all,
mommy
mommy ne
If you try anything at all,
mommy neve
mommy never
If you try anything at all,
mommy never se
mommy never sees
If you try anything at all,
mommy never sees t
mommy never sees the
If you try anything at all,
mommy never sees the l
mommy never sees the lig
If you try anything at all,
mommy never sees the light
mommy never sees the light o
If you try anything at all,
mommy never sees the light of
da
day.
W
Wha
day.
What
What ha
day.
What have
What have y
day.
What have you
What have you d
day.
What have you don
What have you done
day.
What have you done wi
What have you done with
day.
What have you done with h
What have you done with her
day.
What have you done with her?
♪
G
Go.
♪
A
Ale
Alex,
Alex, h
Alex, how
Alex, how d
Alex, how did
Alex, how did y
Alex, how did you
Alex, how did you e
Alex, how did you esc
Alex, how did you escap
Alex, how did you escape
Alex, how did you escape th
Alex, how did you escape the
si
silo
Alex, how did you escape the
silo?
I
I n
silo?
I nee
I need
silo?
I need to
I need to g
silo?
I need to get
I need to get t
silo?
I need to get to
I need to get to th
silo?
I need to get to the
I need to get to the tr
silo?
I need to get to the trac
I need to get to the track
sw
swit
I need to get to the track
switch
switch.
I'
I've
switch.
I've g
I've gon
switch.
I've gone
I've gone th
switch.
I've gone thro
I've gone throug
switch.
I've gone through
I've gone through ev
switch.
I've gone through ever
I've gone through every
switch.
I've gone through every po
I've gone through every poss
switch.
I've gone through every possib
I've gone through every possible
sc
scen
I've gone through every possible
scenar
scenario
I've gone through every possible
scenario.
Th
This
scenario.
This i
This is
scenario.
This is th
This is the
scenario.
This is the be
This is the best
scenario.
This is the best p
This is the best pos
scenario.
This is the best possi
This is the best possibl
scenario.
This is the best possible
ou
outc
This is the best possible
outcom
outcome.
Yo
You
outcome.
You ne
You need
outcome.
You need t
You need to
outcome.
You need to le
You need to let
outcome.
You need to let me
You need to let me t
outcome.
You need to let me tak
You need to let me take
outcome.
You need to let me take Bi
You need to let me take Big
Al
Alic
You need to let me take Big
Alice.
W
Who
Alice.
Whoa,
Whoa, w
Alice.
Whoa, who
Whoa, whoa,
Alice.
Whoa, whoa, w
Whoa, whoa, who
Alice.
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
Whoa, whoa, whoa, w
Alice.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wai
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait,
Alice.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, h
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, hav
Alice.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, have
th
they
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, have
they g
they got
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, have
they got M
they got Mel
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, have
they got Melan
they got Melanie
Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, have
they got Melanie?
Is
Is t
they got Melanie?
Is tha
Is that
they got Melanie?
Is that it
Is that it?
N
No.
A
Ale
No.
Alex:
Alex: G
No.
Alex: Get
Alex: Get o
No.
Alex: Get out
Alex: Get out o
No.
Alex: Get out of
Alex: Get out of my
No.
Alex: Get out of my w
Alex: Get out of my way
No.
Alex: Get out of my way.
N
No!
A
Ale
No!
Alex:
Alex: G
No!
Alex: Get
Alex: Get o
No!
Alex: Get out
Alex: Get out o
No!
Alex: Get out of
Alex: Get out of my
No!
Alex: Get out of my w
Alex: Get out of my way
No!
Alex: Get out of my way!
N
No,
Alex: Get out of my way!
No, y
No, you
Alex: Get out of my way!
No, you c
No, you can
Alex: Get out of my way!
No, you canno
No, you cannot
Alex: Get out of my way!
No, you cannot go
No, you cannot go,
Alex: Get out of my way!
No, you cannot go, Al
No, you cannot go, Alex
Alex: Get out of my way!
No, you cannot go, Alex.
A
Are
No, you cannot go, Alex.
Are t
Are the
No, you cannot go, Alex.
Are they
Are they wa
No, you cannot go, Alex.
Are they watc
Are they watchi
No, you cannot go, Alex.
Are they watching
Are they watching u
No, you cannot go, Alex.
Are they watching us,
Are they watching us, A
No, you cannot go, Alex.
Are they watching us, Ale
Are they watching us, Alex,
ar
are
Are they watching us, Alex,
are th
are they
Are they watching us, Alex,
are they w
are they wat
Are they watching us, Alex,
are they watch
are they watchin
Are they watching us, Alex,
are they watching
are they watching us
Are they watching us, Alex,
are they watching us?
T
The
are they watching us?
They'
They're
are they watching us?
They're h
They're her
are they watching us?
They're here!
W
Wha
They're here!
What
What ha
They're here!
What have
What have y
They're here!
What have you
What have you d
They're here!
What have you don
What have you done?
(A
(Ala
What have you done?
(Alarm
(Alarm b
What have you done?
(Alarm bla
(Alarm blari
What have you done?
(Alarm blaring
(Alarm blaring)
L
Let
(Alarm blaring)
Let's
Let's g
(Alarm blaring)
Let's go.
Ge
Gear
Let's go.
Gear u
Gear up.
♪
M
Mov
Move,
Move, m
Move, mov
Move, move,
Move, move, m
Move, move, mov
Move, move, move!
L
Lis
Move, move, move!
Liste
Listen
Move, move, move!
Listen to
Listen to m
Move, move, move!
Listen to me.
I
I ca
Listen to me.
I can
I can he
Listen to me.
I can help
I can help y
Listen to me.
I can help you
I can help you.
(G
(Gru
I can help you.
(Grunt
(Grunts)
I
I'm
I'm s
I'm so
I'm so so
I'm so sorr
I'm so sorry,
I'm so sorry, J
I'm so sorry, Jos
I'm so sorry, Josie
I'm so sorry, Josie.
♪
H
Hey
Hey!
M
Mov
Move!
K
Kee
Keep
Keep ca
Keep calm
Keep calm.
Ke
Keep
Keep calm.
Keep y
Keep you
Keep calm.
Keep your
Keep your he
Keep calm.
Keep your head
Keep your head d
Keep calm.
Keep your head dow
Keep your head down.
G
Get
Keep your head down.
Get d
Get dow
Keep your head down.
Get down!
T
Thi
Get down!
This
This wa
Get down!
This way!
(D
(Dra
This way!
(Drama
(Dramati
This way!
(Dramatic
(Dramatic in
This way!
(Dramatic inst
(Dramatic instru
This way!
(Dramatic instrume
(Dramatic instrument
This way!
(Dramatic instrumental
(Dramatic instrumental m
This way!
(Dramatic instrumental mus
(Dramatic instrumental music
This way!
(Dramatic instrumental music)
♪
W
Wha
What
What wa
What was
What was th
What was that
What was that?
I
It'
What was that?
It's
It's a
What was that?
It's a sn
It's a snip
What was that?
It's a sniper
It's a sniper!
O
Oka
It's a sniper!
Okay,
Okay, c
It's a sniper!
Okay, cha
Okay, chang
It's a sniper!
Okay, change
Okay, change of
It's a sniper!
Okay, change of p
Okay, change of pla
It's a sniper!
Okay, change of plans
Okay, change of plans.
Ev
Ever
Okay, change of plans.
Everyb
Everybod
Okay, change of plans.
Everybody
Everybody ge
Okay, change of plans.
Everybody get
Everybody get do
Okay, change of plans.
Everybody get down
Everybody get down!
Ta
Take
Everybody get down!
Take c
Take cov
Everybody get down!
Take cover
Take cover!
W
We
Take cover!
We ne
We need
Take cover!
We need t
We need to
Take cover!
We need to ge
We need to get
Take cover!
We need to get to
We need to get to t
Take cover!
We need to get to the
We need to get to the e
Take cover!
We need to get to the eng
We need to get to the engin
Take cover!
We need to get to the engine.
Y
Yea
We need to get to the engine.
Yeah.
♪
I
I g
I got
I got t
I got to
I got to go
I got to go.
N
No.
A
Aud
No.
Audre
Audrey,
No.
Audrey, d
Audrey, do
No.
Audrey, do no
Audrey, do not
No.
Audrey, do not le
Audrey, do not leav
No.
Audrey, do not leave
Audrey, do not leave th
No.
Audrey, do not leave this
ro
room
Audrey, do not leave this
room.
P
Ple
room.
Pleas
Please
room.
Please st
Please stay
room.
Please stay w
Please stay whe
room.
Please stay where
Please stay where i
room.
Please stay where it'
Please stay where it's
room.
Please stay where it's sa
Please stay where it's safe
room.
Please stay where it's safe.
(S
(Smo
Please stay where it's safe.
(Smooc
(Smooch)
D
Do
(Smooch)
Do no
Do not
(Smooch)
Do not le
Do not leav
(Smooch)
Do not leave.
I
I l
Do not leave.
I lov
I love
Do not leave.
I love yo
I love you.
♪
(G
(Gun
(Gunfi
(Gunfire
(Gunfire)
G
Get
(Gunfire)
Get d
Get dow
(Gunfire)
Get down!
D
Don
Get down!
Don't
Don't w
Get down!
Don't wor
Don't worry
Get down!
Don't worry,
Don't worry, I'
Get down!
Don't worry, I'll
Don't worry, I'll g
Get down!
Don't worry, I'll go
Don't worry, I'll go ge
Get down!
Don't worry, I'll go get
Li
Lian
Don't worry, I'll go get
Liana.
I
I'm
Liana.
I'm g
I'm goi
Liana.
I'm going
I'm going t
Liana.
I'm going to
I'm going to Bi
Liana.
I'm going to Big
I'm going to Big Al
Liana.
I'm going to Big Alic
I'm going to Big Alice.
N
No,
I'm going to Big Alice.
No, w
No, wai
I'm going to Big Alice.
No, wait,
No, wait, w
I'm going to Big Alice.
No, wait, wai
No, wait, wait!
I'
I'll
No, wait, wait!
I'll d
I'll dra
No, wait, wait!
I'll draw
I'll draw th
No, wait, wait!
I'll draw thei
I'll draw their
No, wait, wait!
I'll draw their fi
I'll draw their fire
No, wait, wait!
I'll draw their fire.
♪
Le
Let'
Let's
Let's go
Let's go!
B
Be
Let's go!
Be ca
Be care
Let's go!
Be carefu
Be careful.
♪
(U
(Unc
(Uncle
(Unclear
(Unclear)
♪
L
Let
Let's
Let's g
Let's go.
Si
Sit.
♪
Sw
Swit
Switch
Switch t
Switch the
Switch the t
Switch the tra
Switch the track
Switch the track.
Do
Do i
Switch the track.
Do it,
Do it, n
Switch the track.
Do it, now
Do it, now.
♪
(D
(Dra
(Drama
(Dramati
(Dramatic
(Dramatic in
(Dramatic inst
(Dramatic instru
(Dramatic instrume
(Dramatic instrument
(Dramatic instrumental
(Dramatic instrumental m
(Dramatic instrumental mus
(Dramatic instrumental music
(Dramatic instrumental music)
♪
(Silence)